Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 39: The Abyss of DeathThis chapter was translated by Rylain at Nightbreeze translations. For various reasons, Rylain's translations for Stellar Transformations are on an indefinite hiatus. Refer to his blog for more information. You can find his blog here here! Please note that some terms might be different from the past!For an entire three days.The Tenglong Continent suffered an unprecedented blow. Although the side of the Loose Immortals and the side of the Loose Devils had once fought a great battle over the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, the losses of that great battle were still incomparable to the losses suffered in those three days.Within those three days, a single invincible expert who was like an evil god had brutally and madly massacred countless of Loose Practitioner experts.Amongst the killed experts, the weakest Loose Practitioners were all of the Sixth Tribulation.In merely three days, eighty percent of all the Loose Practitioners of the Sixth Tribulation or higher on the Tenglong Continent were either dead or injured.That was Man Gan venting his anger!“I did not even manage to enter Ni Yang’s Realm. When I return, I will definitely be laughed at by those bastards.” The hatred within Man Gan’s heart was at its peak.He could not wait to break the bones and scatter the ashes of that Du Zhong Jun.[Rylain: ‘挫骨扬灰’ translates to ‘break the bones and scatter the ashes’. What it meant was to ‘break and grind the bones of a dead body into ashes and scatter it about’, which symbolises great hatred.]As for killing eighty percent of the Loose Practitioners who were of the Sixth Tribulation or higher?Within the Demon Realm, even destroying an entire planet could also not be considered a grave matter. Of course, the reason was because a method of revenge for some experts of that planet meant requiring to handle the hometown of the target.“Qin Yu?”Man Gan’s heart thumped, and a piece of Transmission Talisman appeared within his hand.*****When he saw Qin Yu’s second message, Man Gan felt as if he was dreaming.“Brother Qin Yu, this matter cannot be used as a boast. Entering Ni Yang’s Realm is an extremely huge matter.” Man Gan still found it a little hard to believe. After he had just received that piece of news using his Demon Awareness, Man Gan once again sent a message, “You…… truly have a method to enter Ni Yang’s Realm?”“Brother Man Gan, just be assured. Why did my Younger Martial Uncle auction away the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams even after he had obtained it? If he did not already have other methods to enter Ni Yang’s Realm, would my Younger Martial Uncle be willing to auction the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams?”Qin Yu’s message made Man Gan feel more inclined to believe in him.Initially, Man Gan had felt extremely puzzled. Did that Sword Immortal Lan Feng have a problem in his head? He actually wanted to auction that precious Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. When he currently heard what Qin Yu had just said, Man Gan understood a lot better.No wonder…… the other person had long since possessed a method to enter Ni Yang’s Realm. The Sundering The Heavens Diagrams absolutely did not have much use for him.“Why? Brother Man Gan, do you not believe what I have just said?” The words sent by Qin Yu’s Spiritual Awareness contained a slight hint of shame and annoyance.“Brother Qin Yu, since you have already said so, of course I believe you.” Man Gan immediately sent a transmission message in reply.That Man Gan also understood reason. No matter what, he would first believe, then talk about it later. After all, he, Man Gan, currently did not have any method to enter Ni Yang’s Realm. At least, there was still a way by believing in Qin Yu. If he chose not to believe, then he, Man Gan, could only watch helplessly while the other three great Emissaries enter Ni Yang’s Realm.“Brother Man Gan, please rush over to Snow Fish Island. Zong Jue from the Chaotic Astral Sea will also be arriving very soon. This is because I have with me nine vacancies to enter Ni Yang’s Realm. For my side, I require three slots, while the side of the Chaotic Astral Sea also require three slots. Brother Man Gan, you can only have three slots as well,” said Qin Yu, as he allocated the number of places to Man Gan.Three slots?To the current Man Gan, even a single slot was an extremely huge and pleasant surprise.Having heard what Qin Yu had said, Man Gan’s mind became resolute.Since even the people from the Chaotic Astral Sea were participating, it looked like there was an eight or nine out of ten chance that the matter was true. Moreover, from Qin Yu’s point of view, there were also no benefits from intentionally fooling around with Man Gan and Zong Jue.“Snow Fish Island, all right, my men will arrive very soon.” Man Gan promptly sent a transmission message to Qin Yu.“Then I will bring my two brothers along and await Brother Man Gan’s arrival.” Qin Yu immediately then kept the Transmission Talisman.*****On Snow Fish Island.After using the Sword Immortal Puppet to kill Reverend Ming Liang, Qin Yu had long since quietly returned to Snow Fish Island. Meanwhile, Qin Yu and his two brothers were currently beside the famous Snow Fish Lake of Snow Fish Island, bidding farewell to Shi Xin, Shi Bing, and Shi Zhan near the Ancient Teleportation Array.“Shi Xin, when you and your brothers arrive at the Qianlong Continent, it will be enough to just look after my Royal Father and the others for a bit. As for the other things that all of you are thinking of doing, I definitely think that no one will interfere with all of you, nor possess the capabilities to interfere with all of you,” said Qin Yu as he smiled.Shi Xin and his two brothers were instead secretly very happy.They could finally wander about freely for a while.Although they were also a little disappointed towards Ni Yang’s Realm, Shi Xin and the others still understood deep within their hearts. Without Qin Yu’s help, if it were just by themselves, they would all die no matter how many times they entered Ni Yang’s Realm.“Hai, Shi Bing you brat, don’t go overboard by playing too much. When the time comes for this Master Hou to Ascend, as my Spiritual Beast and someone who has long reached the Dacheng stage, you will also Ascend. That is why you have to pay careful attention,” reminded Hou Fei.“Yes, Master,” said Shi Bing respectfully.Qin Yu and his two brothers had nicely corresponded with Shi Xin and his two brothers, with Shi Xin and his brothers as their great Spiritual Beasts.Qin Yu’s Spiritual Beast of those three was the Eldest Brother Shi Xin, Hou Fei’s Spiritual Beast of those three was the Second Brother Shi Bing, while Hei Yu’s Spiritual Beast of those three was the Youngest Brother Shi Zhan. “Fei Fei, there is no need to worry too much. Although the energies within you and Xiao Hei’s bodies transform faster than ordinary people’s, the Dacheng stage still requires a minimum of a few years right? Although a few years is a very short time, I definitely think that exploring Ni Yang’s Realm once also do not require that much time. I estimate that by the time you leave Ni Yang’s Realm, you will still not have Ascended yet huh,” said Qin Yu helplessly.The speed of Hou Fei and Hei Yu’s martial cultivation was extremely fast, and therefore the energies within their bodies were also transforming at an extremely fast speed.When the energies within their bodies had completely transformed into the ‘Demon Elemental Energy’ which belonged to the Demon Realm, that would be the time that Hou Fei and Hei Yu Ascend.“Mmm, it is a few years,” said Hou Fei as he nodded. “However, a few years is really very short. Only a single session of training behind closed doors will be required, and that amount of time would have easily passed.”At Hou Fei’s current level of martial cultivation, it would also be extremely normal to practise behind closed doors for a hundred years. That was why they had all along seen a few years as a very short amount of time.Hei Yu also nodded and said, “I estimate that after entering Ni Yang’s Realm, the time taken would not be long. That is why the monkey also did not need to urgently remind Shi Zhan and the others.”“All right, Shi Xin and the rest of you, there is no need to remain here and listen to our rubbish. Ah, hurry and head over to the Qianlong Continent using the Ancient Teleportation Array,” said Qin Yu as he smiled.“Yes, Master.”Shi Xin responded with a bow, then promptly led his two brothers and stepped inside the Ancient Teleportation Array. Rays of light began to envelope them, and after mere moments, the lights from the Ancient Teleportation Array disappeared. It was as if nothing had changed, except that Shi Xin and his two brothers had already vanished without a trace.*****Snow Fish Island was blanketed in a layer of white snow. Snowflakes sparkled under the sunshine. Under the sunlight, the entire Snow Fish Island was like a tranquil winter wonderland.“Haha, Brother Qin Yu!”A deep voice suddenly resounded throughout the entire Snow Fish Island. The loudness of that voice was simply amazing, and countless snowflakes on Snow Fish Island quivered before falling onto the ground.Qin Yu, Hou Fei, and Hei Yu were like three rays of black light, shooting forth from the courtyard below. Then, they stood upright in the middle of the air, smiling while looking at the three people opposite them.“Haha, it is indeed Brother Man Gan. When I had just heard the voice, I was thinking, ‘With the exception of Brother Man Gan, who else in the current Mortal Realm would have such a domineering and characteristic tone of voice huh?'” said Qin Yu with a faint smile.To enter Ni Yang’s Realm, the capabilities of his own side needed to be at least sufficiently strong.Initially, Qin Yu had managed to pull Zong Jue over to his side. Currently, Qin Yu was very interested in Man Gan, who had extremely strong capabilities, and also appeared to be ranked first amongst the four great Emissaries.“Brother Qin Yu, you can stop praising me. Until now, I still do not have any slots to enter Ni Yang’s Realm, and even now, I still have to run over to your place. Oh right, where is Zong Jue?” inquired Man Gan.Man Gan had already searched once using his Demon Awareness earlier.However, he discovered that there were actually no martial experts from the Chaotic Astral Sea on Snow Fish Island.Was Qin Yu deceiving him?“You are saying Senior Zong? He is someone from the Chaotic Astral Sea. The oceanic regions of the Chaotic Astral Sea are very broad, so no matter how close his distance, it will still take a period of time for him to rush over here,” replied Qin Yu with a smile.Suddenly —“Who said that I still require a period of time?”Zong Jue’s voice actually rang forth.Qin Yu turned towards the source of the voice in astonishment and took a look. He could only see Zong Jue leading two burly men as they walked over. Qin Yu was familiar with those two burly men. Of the three large islands in the Chaotic Astral Sea, they were the two Island Masters of the Black Wind Island — The brothers Change Into Stone and Transform Into Stone. The brothers Change Into Stone and Transform Into Stone were Divine Beasts, and their true forms were an extremely strange kind of Divine Beast, the ‘Petrification Beast’.“Senior Zong!” Qin Yu was very shocked.Qin Yu was very clear about the broad regions of the Chaotic Astral Sea. The distance from the Demonic Peng Island to the Snow Fish Island outside of the Chaotic Astral Sea was also half of several tens of billions of kilometers. To think about crossing such a long distance within such a short time was simply impossible.“There is no need to be that shocked. Firstly, I was not exactly at the Demonic Peng Island earlier, but rather, I was at Black Wind Island. Secondly, in terms of speed, my accomplishments are a lot faster than what you had thought,” said Zong Jue with an indifferent smile.At one side, Man Gan also nodded and said, “Qin Yu, the speed of a Golden-Winged Giant Peng is extremely exceptional. With regards to the various techniques of speed, no matter if it was Teleportation or flight, or even if both of them were to be used between intervals, none of the other Super Divine Beasts could learn them even if they wanted to.”“All right, since everyone has already arrived, then let us proceed to the central courtyard for a rest. After that, I will first tell everyone about the map to proceed towards Ni Yang’s Realm.”After those words left Qin Yu’s lips, Man Gan and Zong Jue both nodded in agreement.*****Half a day later.Within the central courtyard ‘Four-sided Courtyard’. The auction event for the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams was previously held there. Currently, Qin Yu would instead be there announcing the map to head towards Ni Yang’s Realm.“Brother Man Gan, please take a seat.”“Senior Zong, please take a seat.”Qin Yu sat at one side of a round table, while Man Gan and Zong Jue sat at the other two sides, the three of them nicely forming a circle.“Brother Man Gan, Senior Zong, before I tell the both of you about the map of Ni Yang’s Realm, I will first give an account of the secrets regarding the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. Since the both of you have never formed a Blood Contract with a piece of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, I definitely think that the both of you are not very familiar, right?” said Qin Yu with a smile.Both Man Gan and Zong Jue shook their heads with a bitter smile, but they then nodded in agreement.Although the both of them could be considered as grand heroes, it was also definitely true that they had never once obtained a single piece of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams.Qin Yu nodded and said, “Given Brother Man Gan and Senior Zong’s information from the Chaotic Astral Sea, both of you definitely know that one of the three pieces of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams belonged to me. That is also why I am absolutely clear of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams’ secrets.”Both Man Gan and Zong Jue slightly nodded their heads.Wasn’t that piece of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams which belonged to Qin Yu the fuse which sparked hostility between the side of the Loose Immortals and the side of the Loose Devils?“Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. When the three pieces are assembled together, a map which shows the location of Ni Yang’s Realm will then appear. Besides that, possessing the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams is also a qualification to enter Ni Yang’s Realm. Every single piece of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams contained the purest Sundering The Heavens Sword Energy. When the time comes, only people who were enveloped by the Sundering The Heavens Sword Energy could enter Ni Yang’s Realm. The Sundering The Heavens Sword Energy of a single piece of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams could at the very most envelope six people,” carefully explained Qin Yu.Man Gan and Zong Jue slightly nodded their heads as they listened.“I currently have with me the map to head towards Ni Yang’s Realm. Similarly…… I also possess the pure Sundering The Heavens Sword Energy which belonged to Immortal Emperor Ni Yang that was left behind by him. A single piece of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams could bring six people, while I can instead bring a total of nine people, including me.”Qin Yu spoke, filled with self-confidence.Having heard Qin Yu’s eloquent speech, Man Gan and Zong Jue unintentionally began to believe in Qin Yu.“I believe that Brother Man Gan and Senior Zong also understood what I meant.” Qin Yu smiled at the two people.Man Gan nodded and said, “Brother Qin Yu, don’t you mean to say that there are two requirements to enter Ni Yang’s Realm? The first is the map, while the second is the qualification to enter.”Qin Yu nodded. “Correct. What I am about to give the both of you now, is the first condition — the map!”Qin Yu waved a hand, and two copies of jade missives appeared in the middle of the air, floating before Man Gan and Zong Jue’s eyes.Man Gan and Zong Jue both promptly stretched out a hand and each took a jade missive. As if at the same time, the both of them used their own Demon Awareness and scanned the contents of the map.“It is actually here!” Zong Jue momentarily gave a blank stare.Man Gan’s facial expression was also as if he had just seen a ghost.“Brother Qin Yu, is this map of yours wrong?” Man Gan stared at Qin Yu. “Is it also possible for Ni Yang’s Realm to exist there?”Qin Yu shook his head with a smile and said, “There is no need to be shocked and no need to feel strange. Even more so, there is no need to find that unbelievable. This map is real, and cannot be any more real than that. Ni Yang’s Realm is within the Abyss of Death, the legendary Abyss of Death!”Qin Yu recalled the time when he had first observed that map, after which he, himself, was amazed and found it hard to believe when he understood the overview of the huge planet that he was living on.The mortal planet that Qin Yu was living on, was an extremely gigantic planet.On the eastern half of that planet was the Qianlong Continent, the ordinary seas to the north of the Chaotic Astral Sea, the Chaotic Astral Sea, the ordinary seas to the south of the Chaotic Astral Sea, as well as the Tenglong Continent.Meanwhile, the other half of that planet was instead a scene of hell, what was known to people as — the Land of Extreme Peril!When comparing the degree of danger between the Chaotic Astral Sea to that Land of Extreme Peril, it was absolutely similar to an insignificant witch meeting a prominent witch.[Rylain: ‘小巫见大巫’ translates to ‘an insignificant witch meeting a prominent witch’, which means ‘a difference between two extremes’.]The Land of Extreme Peril occupied half of the planet, with an area that amounted to the Chaotic Astral Sea, the Qianlong Continent, the Tenglong Continent, the ordinary seas, amongst others, added together.The Land of Extreme Peril was separated into two major parts.The Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, and the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame.Along the Qianlong Continent, half of several millions of kilometers directly towards the north, would be the entrance to the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill. Similarly…… along the Tenglong Continent, merely half of several millions of kilometers directly towards the south, was also the entrance to the danger-filled Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame.Both the diameters of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill and the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame were half of a few hundreds of millions of kilometers.As a person ventured deeper, the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill and the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame would also get more dangerous, and even ordinary Loose Practitioners would not dare to casually enter within. The level of danger had already reached an unprecedented stage.Meanwhile, the most dangerous place on the entire planet was not there, but rather, it was at the junction between the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill and the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame.At the junction between the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill and the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame, there was a bottomless chasm. It was a bottomless chasm without any sign of life, and it was known as — the Abyss of Death.Amongst the oldest legends of the Mortal Realm, it was said that at the very center of the Abyss of Death, trespassers would definitely die!Meanwhile, according to the map given by Qin Yu, the location of Ni Yang’s Realm was right at the very center of the Abyss of Death.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.