Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 40: Land of Extreme PerilThis chapter was translated by Rylain at Nightbreeze translations. For various reasons, Rylain's translations for Stellar Transformations are on an indefinite hiatus. Refer to his blog for more information. You can find his blog here here! Please note that some terms might be different from the past!“The Land of Extreme Peril, Abyss of Death,” Man Gan said in a bewildered tone. “So this is the location of Ni Yang’s Realm. The Abyss of Death is mysterious beyond comparison. According to the records found on the Mortal Realm, it seems like no one has yet to discover the secret of this Abyss of Death.”Zong Jue also nodded, and said, “Absolutely. No one knows the mysteriousness of the Abyss of Death.”Qin Yu curiously looked at Zong Jue, and asked, “Senior Zong, the Dragon Clan’s Fang Tian and you are both already invincible existences on the Mortal Realm, don’t tell me that the both of you have never tried investigating the Abyss of Death even once?”Zong Jue was slightly startled momentarily, then immediately shook his head and said, “It’s not that Fang Tian and I did not have the capabilities. We were just…… a little lazy.”“Lazy?” Man Gan’s entire face revealed that he found it unbelievable. “Even if the both of you were lazy, the distance of half of several billions of kilometers should not be considered far for both Fang Tian and you right? It would have been very easy to arrive there by relying on Teleportation.”Zong Jue smiled.“Regarding this, Brother Man Gan, there is something that you do not know. If those half of several billions of kilometers were similar to the surroundings of the Chaotic Astral Sea, then Fang Tian and I could have naturally arrived at the Abyss of Death very easily. However, no matter if we had set off from either the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, or the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame, it would have been extremely difficult to even think of arriving at the Abyss of Death.”Zong Jue’s eyes seemed to recall the scene. “The Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame had an atmosphere filled with endless Flaming Fire Energy. The Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill had an atmosphere filled with endless Icy Chill Energy…… No matter from which direction, even if it was me, it would also have been impossible to arrive at the Abyss of Death without having spent at least a year.”A year?Qin Yu had a huge shock on the spot.Qin Yu was still very clear of Zong Jue’s speed. Even if Zong Jue did not use Teleportation, he believed that Zong Jue could cover a distance of half of several billions of kilometers within a month.Why would he require a year’s worth of time huh?“All right, I will not say any more for now. You will all know the reason why I had said those words after we have set off. Let me tell all of you, that during the time when Fang Tian and I had set off for the Abyss of Death and advanced up to ninety-five percent of the journey, the both of us had instead retreated at the final five percent. One reason was because something had happened at the Chaotic Astral Sea. The second reason, was because the both of us also felt tired,” said Zong Jue helplessly.Qin Yu and Man Gan did not continue to ask further.Since they would understand once they arrive at the Land of Extreme Peril, and the other party was also unwilling to say any further, why would they still probe further huh?Qin Yu smiled, and inquired, “Senior Zong, there are two methods to arrive at the Abyss of Death. One method is to set off towards the Tenglong Continent and arrive at the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame, then pass through the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame to reach the Abyss of Death.”“The second method is to set off towards the north from the Qianlong Continent and arrive at the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, then pass through the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill which is more or less of the same size, to also reach the Abyss of Death. Senior Zong, since you have the experience, which road do you think we should take to proceed huh?”Both Qin Yu and Man Gan looked at Zong Jue.The map which Immortal Emperor Ni Yang had initially left behind was very simple. He had only drew a rough overview of the planet, and then pointed out the location of Ni Yang’s Realm — The Abyss of Death.At the same time, what the map of Ni Yang’s Realm had carefully described was the path after entering the Abyss of Death.From the outside, the path to reach the Abyss of Death was simple. However, after entering the Abyss of Death, finding Ni Yang’s Realm was instead an extremely difficult task which would be almost impossible to accomplish without a map.Zong Jue considered for a moment, then said, “Our most important task right now is to first arrive at the Abyss of Death. According to my experience, it will be slightly better to advance from the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill. As the saying goes, fire borrows its strength from the wind, which is why the difficulty of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame is greater.”“Fire borrows its strength from the wind?” Qin Yu inquired. “Unless, what Senior Zong means is that…… there is the presence of wind at the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame, and very strong winds at that?”From what Qin Yu had thought, Zong Jue would absolutely not have minded winds that were normal.Zong Jue nodded and said, “Correct, there are winds, and the strength of those winds are extremely great. Actually, those winds are not found solely at the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Flame; they are also found at the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill. It is only that there are pieces of ice on the surface of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, so those winds will not pose much of a threat at the beginning.”At that moment, both Qin Yu and Man Gan definitely did not notice the true meaning behind what Zong Jue had said regarding ‘those winds will not pose much of a threat at the beginning’. The threat of those winds would only be small at the beginning, and it would be difficult to talk about their strength later on.Qin Yu looked at Man Gan. “Brother Man Gan, what is your opinion?”Man Gan momentarily laughed, and said, “Of course I believe Zong Jue’s words. Brother Qin Yu, which path do you think we should choose huh?”“Ah, since both of you shared the same opinions and have chosen the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, then I will also choose the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill.” Qin Yu said with a faint smile.Both Man Gan and Zong Jue nodded.For that journey, Qin Yu had a total of nine people — Qin Yu, Hou Fei, Hei Yu, Zong Jue, Change Into Stone, Transform Into Stone, Man Gan, Yu Liang, and Kong Cao. It consisted of people that came from three sides.Meanwhile, there were instead quite a number of people for the other party’s journey. They consisted mainly of Hua Yan’s side of the Immortals, Du Zhong Jun’s side of the Devils, as well as Ao Feng and Fang Tian’s side of the Dragon Clan.The people of both parties set off one before the other. There was not much difference in time between the both of them.Through the usage of Snow Fish Island’s Ancient Teleportation Array, Qin Yu’s party directly arrived at the Chaotic Astral Sea’s Golden Wood Island. They directly headed north and rushed towards the Qianlong Continent at an extremely fast speed.In the air above Golden Wood Island.Qin Yu and the other eight people were standing upright in the middle of the air.“Qin Yu, even until now, you still do not know how to Teleport. Hai, this flying speed is really too slow. Let me bring both Fei Fei and you along then.”Zong Jue said while smiling, then at the same time stretched out his hands and grabbed both Qin Yu and Hou Fei’s arms.Qin Yu also did not resist. He smiled and said, “Fei Fei is at the Dacheng stage, while I am also only at the late phase Dujie stage. Not knowing how to Teleport is an extremely normal thing.”“Hai, Brother Qin Yu, I find it strange.” From behind Zong Jue, Change Into Stone inquired, “Not that I look down on you, Brother. It is only that your level of cultivation is really a little low. That Sword Immortal Martial Uncle, and that Uncle Lan of yours, how can the both of them let you come while feeling assured?”Immediately, one by one, Zong Jue, Man Gan, as well as the other people, all looked at Qin Yu.They had also felt very strange about that question all along.Although Qin Yu was very mysterious, he could not conceal the flaw of his martial powers being low. Why did Qin Yu’s Martial Seniors allow him and his brothers to come while feeling assured huh?“This…… To tell the truth, this is a test for me by Uncle Lan.” Qin Yu replied truthfully.That was absolutely the truth. Before Uncle Lan left, he definitely told Qin Yu that only by entering Ni Yang’s Realm could Qin Yu know his own level of martial cultivation, and only then could he meet Li Er.Meanwhile, when Man Gan and Zong Jue heard what Qin Yu had said, they still thought that, that was only a kind of test by Qin Yu’s sect.“It really is a mysterious sect.” Both Man Gan and Zong Jue secretly thought within their minds.“All right, ah, let us all not waste any more time and set off earlier,” said Qin Yu while smiling.Immediately, Zong Jue alone, brought along Qin Yu and Hou Fei while Man Gan brought along Hei Yu. All of them directly performed Teleportation, and continued to proceed at a shocking speed.After a few blinks of the eyes, Qin Yu and the others had crossed the Qianlong Continent, and arrived at the mysterious northern side of the Qianlong Continent……There were half of several millions of kilometers of oceans at the northern side of the Qianlong Continent. For those half of several millions of kilometers of oceans, the further it went north, the colder the temperature got. At the very end of the half of several millions of kilometers of oceans was the boundless Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill.The entire ground consisted of ice, and the various high-rise structures were also shaped from pieces of ice.Qin Yu’s party of nine people landed on the surface of the boundless ice.“Still, the temperature is really low,” Hou Fei whispered in his mouth. “Zeze, these winds are also quite strong. If this was the Qianlong Continent, ah, even a large tree would also have been blown down.”[Rylain: ‘啧啧’ translates to ‘Zeze’, and it is the sound made by clicking the tongue.]They had stepped into a world of cold ice. Even more, they had stepped into the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill.The Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill was a world of ice.At the same time, the winds of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill were extremely strong. Although Qin Yu and the other people were at that point of time only at the fringe of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, the strength of those winds were already at a frightening stage.“These winds are still very weak. They will not affect our Teleportation.” Zong Jue smiled and said, “However, the further we head north, the strength of these winds will also get stronger while their volumes become smaller. The strength of their attacks will become sharper, and the resulting winds will possibly become like knives. After we proceed for half a billion kilometers, I estimate that all of us can no longer Teleport. This is because at that point of time, the winds will have already caused the space to enter into a state of instability.”Qin Yu and the others understood clearly.No wonder…… The maddening winds at that point of time were only the weakest.“Why care that much about it? Don’t tell me that we will be obstructed by mere wind? Set off, stop wasting time already.” Man Gan grabbed Hei Yu’s hand, then performed Teleportation and proceeded onwards.Zong Jue also grabbed each of both Qin Yu and Hou Fei’s hands and performed Teleportation. Yu Liang, Kong Cao, Change Into Stone, and Transform Into Stone too, performed the miraculous Teleportation one by one.The speed of Teleportation was definitely and shockingly fast.In merely the time taken to drink a cup of tea, everyone could already feel the threat of the winds. It was obvious that they had all proceeded close to half a billion kilometers.Zong Jue frowned and said, “We cannot continue to Teleport ahead. The threat from the current winds are already very powerful. I estimate that after we proceed for another five million kilometers, the winds there will be sufficient to make the very space tremble.”Everyone nodded.No one at that point of time dared to play the hero. Performing Teleportation within an unstable space was tantamount to suicide.Promptly, the nine people began to fly northwards at an extremely fast speed.“Not good!”Change Into Stone cried out in shock, “Brother Zong, it does not seem like we can replenish our energies in this place. I did not notice this when we were Teleporting earlier, but I can feel it very clearly now.”Man Gan, Qin Yu, and the others also frowned.It was obvious that, at that point of time, they had also discovered a special trait of the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill — There was not even a shred of Spiritual Energy from the Heavens and Earth in the entire Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill. What only existed there was Mystical Icy Chill Energy.Mystical Icy Chill Energy could only be absorbed by people who practised special martial techniques. Typical people were absolutely unable to absorb it.Take for example Qin Yu. His ‘Stellar Transformations’ technique was extremely special, but instead belonged to the side of extreme heat, at the extreme side of Yang. He was absolutely unable to absorb the Mystical Icy Chill Energy.[Rylain: From my personal understanding, Yin and Yang are respectively Negative and Positive Energies, and Yin is usually associated with typical women since they are believed to have more Yin Energy than Yang Energy in their bodies, while Yang is usually associated with typical men since they are believed to have more Yang Energy than Yin Energy in their bodies. Negative Energies are also considered to be ‘cold’, while Positive Energies are considered to be ‘hot’. An extreme of either energy within a typical person’s body is not beneficial to that person’s health.]The controller of the wilderness ‘Yu Liang’ also frowned. “My Lord, we will only consume the energies within our bodies in this Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill, and there is instead no way to replenish them. No matter how strong our martial powers are when we departed from Golden Wood Island, if this continues on, our martial powers will only continue to become weaker.”If there were no methods to replenish the energies within their bodies, even if it was a single First Tier Golden Immortal, along with the consumption of martial powers, his or her capabilities could possibly be lowered by more than half.“Yu Liang, Kong Cao, how many Spiritual Elixirs capable of replenishing the energies within your bodies are the both of you carrying?” Man Gan asked.Yu Liang bowed and replied, “My Lord, the amount of Spiritual Elixirs that this subordinate is carrying, is already enough for this subordinate to continue proceeding at this pace for one year.”Kong Cao also replied, “Although this subordinate did not bring as many Spiritual Elixirs as Lord Yu Liang, it is also sufficient for six to seven months’ worth of consumption.”The amount of energy consumed for flying was few, but no matter how few, it was also energy. They could previously replenish their energies by absorbing from the surroundings outside, while at that moment, they instead could not do that. They might be able to cope with the amount of energy consumed for a day’s worth of flight, or maybe even two days, but what about seven days huh? Thirty days? A hundred days? Or maybe even more……The longer the time, the more horrifying it would be.Zong Jue smiled faintly.He had already expected that to happen before they had set off. Moreover, he had the previous experience of journeying along the Land of Extreme Peril. Within Zong Jue’s spatial ring, there were more than enough Spiritual Elixirs as well as Elemental Spirit Stones that could replenish martial powers.“Yu Liang, Kong Cao, here are two pieces of High Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. Each of you can have one. I believe that will be sufficient for the both of you to consume for a very long period of time.” Man Gan was still secretly worried, and had given his two subordinates a piece of High Grade Elemental Spirit Stone each.Qin Yu and his two brothers were instead not in the slightest bit worried.Given Qin Yu’s Natural Elixir of Rebirth, would they still be afraid of exhausting their martial powers?“Senior Zong, all of you should also be ready, right? Mmm, then let’s set off!”Qin Yu’s party once again moved on ahead.At that time, the nine of them only relied on flight. The flying speed of those nine people were extremely fast, amongst which the speed of both Qin Yu and Hou Fei fell slightly behind the others. However, the other people were not exactly too anxious, which was why the overall speed instead became slightly slower.Just like that, they flew for an entire three months.Everyday, the distance of their progress shortened, and from fifty million kilometers, it had dropped to half of several tens of millions of kilometers. As everyone continued to advance, they were forced to begin lowering their speed. After three months, the nine of them were also no longer that far away from the Abyss of Death.“Big Brother, how much more time do you say we will require to reach the Abyss of Death?” Hou Fei said to Qin Yu while smiling.Qin Yu gave a faint smile. “I am not clear. However, I am afraid we are now not far away from the Abyss of Death. If we are to continue at the current speed, I estimate that we will be able to arrive in a few days.”Qin Yu and Hou Fei belonged to the last two people of the group of nine, and the both of them were having a leisurely chat.“Careful!”A voice that was like the roar of a thunder resounded all around, and everyone immediately stopped.“What happened? Why did Zong Jue shout?”Qin Yu and Hou Fei also stopped, and doubtfully looked ahead.Zong Jue, who was at the front, had quite a serious expression on his face. “Everyone, if my expectations are not wrong, we should now be more or less fifty million kilometers away from the Abyss of Death. However, this final stretch of distance is also the hardest to overcome.”“When Fang Tian and I previously covered ninety-five percent of the distance, it is at this final stretch of distance that we gave up.” Zong Jue looked at the sky that was afar, and his facial expression was quite unsightly. “All of you carefully look at the space in front of us. Avoid them by all means, and do not rush in recklessly.”When everyone who were present heard Zong Jue’s serious words, no one dared to be careless any more.Every single person carefully scrutinised the path ahead.When everyone took their first glance, the scene before them was quiet.When they took another careful look —Ahead, they could only see brief flickers of spatial cracks, each with a length close to the height of a person, with a width as fine as the rough size of a finger. However, almost immediately, everything once again returned to normal.If they did not take a careful look, they would definitely not have seen those fine spatial cracks. However, none of the people present dared to look lightly upon those fine spatial cracks.No matter how fine, they were still spatial cracks. If they were not careful, it would be very possible for them to throw away their lives.“The originally savage winds have already condensed into such extreme states, and are just like knives. Their strengths are extremely powerful, such that they can even cut open gaps at some spaces. For this final distance of more or less fifty million kilometers, everywhere belongs to a region of spatial chaos. No matter if it is Devil Awareness, or Demon Awareness, and so on, nothing can be used normally. Here, we can only rely on ourselves for everything! Everyone needs to be careful, and careful, and even more careful. Once you come into contact with a spatial crack, no one can save you.”Zong Jue said seriously.They had not arrived at Ni Yang’s Realm, nor had they even arrived at the Abyss of Death, but merely the final stretch of distance belonging to the Land of Extreme Peril’s Domain of Chill had already made everyone present tremble secretly in shock.If someone did not notice a spatial crack appearing beside him, it was estimated that the poor person would be swallowed up, and his soul scattered into nothingness. That person could possibly be someone else, and could also possibly be themselves.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.