Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 19: The Immortal Realm Emissary Descends (translated by Saima)Shocked and stupefied.The loose immortals of Heavenly Palace, the top experts from the Chaotic Astral Ocean, the group of experts from the dragon clan, and all the top experts of the Mortal Realm are horrified at this moment. No words, only a simple, random sword aura was enough to terrify everyone present.Fang Tian and Zong Jue look with disbelief in their eyes.“Fang Tian, since when does the Mortal Realm have such an expert? Just take look at his sword, it’s at least a high-grade immortal weapon. Maybe even a top-grade immortal weapon!”Zong Jue just can’t fathom that the Mortal Realm would have an expert who can threaten him and Fang Tian. Fang Tian can also not stop his surprise. Immediately, Fang Tian keeps silent and asks with his demon sense: “Zong Jue, do you think it might be the Immortal Realm Emissary?”“Immortal Realm Emissary?” Zong Jue is startled in his heart.The aura radiating from that mysterious, callous man is definitely an immortal aura. Furthermore, that utmost and profound sword aura was even able to force Fang Tian and Zong Jue to evade. Fang Tian in his shock stows away the Hereditary Dragon Pearl. Currently, using the Hereditary Dragon Pearl does not have an ounce of effect. Reverend Ming Liang who was controlled by the Hereditary Dragon Pearl also recovers. Reverend Ming Liang suddenly remembers what just happened a moment ago.“Not good.”Reverend Ming Liang is horrified. He knows he was being controlled and has definitely spilled the secret.Reverend Ming Liang notices the mysterious and callous man inside the main hall of the Heavenly Palace, who was still emitting a profound sword aura. He was both terrified but also overjoyed.“I am Ming Liang of the Qing Xu Sect. Please allow me to extend my greetings to the Immortal Realm Emissary.” Reverend Ming Liang seems very humbled.The loose immortals look at reverend Ming Liang and immediately, turn to the mysterious man while saying respectfully: “We’re honored to meet the Immortal Realm Emissary.”The Chaotic Astral Ocean and the Dragon clan are both surprised.Fang Tian and Zong Jue look at each other without saying a word.With only that one sword aura, Fang Tian and Zong Jue knew one thing. In their human form, they have to reveal all their secret techniques to even stand a chance of fighting. If they want to win, they have to use all their secret techniques while in their original form.Only, Fang Tian and Zong jue feel that the mysterious man before them is too unfathomable. Even using all their secret techniques in original form, they are not sure of victory.“I’m not the Immortal Realm Emissary”The callous man looks at everyone and said coldly.But Qin Yu behind Zong Jue actually shows some amusement in his eyes.Immortal Realm Emissary?That’s just his Sword Immortal Puppet.The Sword Immortal Puppet was forged by Uncle Lan. Its whole body was created using a distinct material, which is very hard yet flexible. That sword is also comparable to a top-grade immortal weapon. One can say… the whole Sword Immortal Puppet is comparable to a top-grade immortal weapon. In a clash of power, nothing can harm its body.But attacking would require the energy from ‘top grade holy elemental rock’.Currently, a thread of Qin Yu’s holy sense has merged within the Sword Immortal Puppet, the Puppet’s voice is controlled by Qin Yu.“Lord Immortal Emissary, the elder from the Immortal Realm already told me, the emissary is a Sword Immortal. My capability may be limited, but I clearly see that you are a sword immortal. Moreover, you were able to force back Fang Tian and Zong Jue with a single sword move. I believe there is no person of this level in the entire Mortal Realm.” Reverend Ming Liang said worryingly.He just can’t understand why ‘Lord Immortal Emissary’ does not admit to be the emissary.“I am the Sword Immortal Lan Feng. Comrades Fang Tian and Zong Jue are indeed not at my level in their human form. But in their true form, even I would find it very difficult to prevail over them.” The Sword Immortal Puppet said casually, his words coming from Qin Yu.Looking from another angle, the Puppet can be thought of as Qin Yu’s double.There is a great change in Fang Tian and Zong Jue’s mind.This mysterious Sword Immortal is just too strong, they both feel that winning against him in their human form is not possible and only their true form might have a chance. Coincidentally, both of them had a good impression of this mysterious Sword Immortal.That person called them comrades, of course they do not wish to have him as their enemy.“Brother Lan Feng, I, Zong Jue can’t imagine an expert such as yourself existing in the Mortal Realm. But it is strange. I assume you should be at least a Sword Immortal, but I still have confidence against this level of power. If it’s only 12-tribulation sword immortal, I am certain it would be my victory.” Zong Jue smiles lightly.Lan Feng nods his head.“Correct, I am a level 1 Golden Immortal. My breakthrough to level 2 is also not far away. “Zong Jue and Fang Tian understood immediately.“Oh” Fang Tian said smilingly: “Brother Lan Feng, I am Fang Tian. No wonder Zong Jue and I could not detect your strength with our demon senses. Sword Immortals possess the highest attack power in the Immortal Realm. A normal Immortal on that level cannot stop me. But brother Lan Feng is a level 1 Golden Sword immortal, your power is probably close to mine.”Zong Jue also nods. Sword Immortals have the highest attack power out of all Immortals.A 12-tribulation divine beast or a Level 9 Immortal superior divine beast is only behind a Level 1 Golden Sword Immortal by one level.Sword Immortals have the highest attacking power but superior divine beasts are even stronger. By power alone, a Level 9 Immortal superior divine beast is close to a level 1 Golden Immortal.But….Lan Feng’s weapon is just too good. His sword is probably a top grade immortal weapon. As his weapon is superior, Fang Tian and Zong Jue do not dare to offend Lan Feng.“Golden Immortal!”All loose immortals are shocked. According to the law, if a 12-tribulation loose immortal made his final breakthrough, he will immediately ascend and become a Golden Immortal in the Immortal Realm.“Brother Lan Feng, I have a few questions and I wonder if you can help me answer them.” Fang Tian asks smilingly.“Please speak.” Lan Feng nods his head.“As far as I know, all Golden Immortals reside in the Immortal Realm. Why are you still here? I just can’t find an explanation.” Fang Tian takes a questioning glance. He is really suspicious of this.Zong Jue, the top experts of Chaotic Astral Ocean, the Dragon Clan experts, and all loose immortal experts are looking at Lan Feng.They also find it weird, how can a Golden Immortal be in the Mortal Realm?If he is not the Immortal Realm Emissary, how can he exist in the Mortal Realm?Behind Zong Jue, Qin Yu also thinks carefully about this matter, Sword Immortal Lan Feng also takes a brooding expression. After a moment, Lan Feng sighs and looks at Ming Liang.“Ming Liang” Lan Feng raises his voice.After knowing Lan Feng is not the Emissary, Ming Liang can’t help but be disappointed. Still, the other side is a Golden Immortal. Ming Liang asks while bowing. “What is the matter, senior?”“Ming Liang, you thought I was the Immortal Realm Emissary because I could force back brother Fang Tian and brother Zong Jue. But I want to tell you…Mortal Realm experts are not as few as you may think. As far as I know, there are 2 or 3 people stronger than me. One of them can even defeat me in one move.”Fang Tian and Zong Jue are greatly shocked.The top experts of Chaotic Astral Ocean, the Dragon clan experts, and all loose immortal experts are also shocked.That one sentence is just too shocking.According to Lan Feng, there are even stronger experts in the mortal realm. Fang Tian and Zong Jue who thought of themselves as unrivaled were just foolishly conceited.Qin Yu smirks in secret.“Fooling them is so easy. Making up a few non-existent experts is already enough to make them all shake in their boots. Let’s see if you all dare to be so pompous next time.” After thinking that, Qin Yu has already formulated a complete plan.Especially after Reverend Ming Liang talked about the Immortal Realm Emissary, Qin Yu is even more determined to carry out this plan. At the same time, he feels very happy and lucky with his decision to use the Sword Immortal Puppet.“But everyone can be at ease, all Golden Immortal level experts are staying in one area of the Mortal Realm. It is extremely difficult to leave that area. I was only able to leave due to my elder martial brother’s talent in formation techniques and his terrifying strength.” Lan Feng said with a great smile.Fang Tian and Zong Jue are relieved.All experts are inside one mysterious place and it seems they are imprisoned there. For now, the only experts who managed to escape are Lan Feng and his elder martial brother.‘Brother Fang Tian, Brother Zong Jue. I will take this Heaven Sundering diagram for now as I have some use for it. Please continue what you were doing, I shall take my leave.” After saying that, Sword Immortal Lan Feng disappears in midair.Fang Tian and Zong Jue smile at each other awkwardly.What is there to do? Continue?What is there left to continue?“Zong Jue, the mysterious Lan Feng appeared before us today. This shows that the Mortal Realm has a mysterious place with some very formidable experts. But they are unable to leave due to a restrictive formation.” Fang Tian said with his demon sense.Zong Jue nods his head and answers. “It would seem so.”Fang Tian is suddenly shaken and says immediately: “Zong Jue, did you not say that Senior Lan from Stellar Tower is very formidable? Also, they have that formidable Heavenly Stellar Formation as well, moreover… that Lan Feng said his brother is both extremely formidable in power and formation techniques. You tell me, can his brother actually be the one you call Senior Lan? Both of them have the name of Lan after all.”Zong Jue is also shaken.This makes a lot of sense.Lan Feng said he could only get out due to the ‘talent in formation techniques and the terrifying strength of my elder martial brother’. Astonishing power… Zong Jue definitely feels that Senior Lan possessed such power. If Senior Lan wants to kill him, it would be impossible to resist.About his formation skills, Zong Jue has never seen them personally. But the great defensive formation of Stellar Tower is more than enough to prove his skill.“It’s quite possible.” Zong Jue answers.Suddenly -- --Both Fang Tian and Zong Jue are looking at Qin Yu.If that Lan Feng is Stellar Tower Senior Lan’s younger martial brother, Qin Yu and Hou Fei might actually know him.“Why are the two seniors looking at me like that?” Qin Yu feels suspicion in his heart.Did they find something out? Or maybe… I let something slip just now. Qin Yu called the Sword Immortal Puppet Lan Feng on purpose and talked about many things. What talent in formation skills, what terrifying power? All of it is just a part of his scheme.“Qin Yu, is Lan Feng not your martial uncle as well?” Zong Jue asks.Qin Yu is ecstatic, success!Qin Yu makes a face filled with suspicion. “Martial uncle? I don’t know. I actually don’t know that much about my school. As for the Grand Master, I only met him once. I only spend a lot of time with Uncle Lan.”“Hou Fei?” Zong Jue looks at Hou Fei.Hou Fei also shakes his head. “Don’t know. I only know my master, Uncle Lan. Otherwise, I don’t know anyone from the school.”Fang Tian and Zong Jue look at each other, both are getting more confident in their assumption.A school where disciples have never seen their seniors or elders and don’t even know anything about them.Lan Feng said before, most are imprisoned inside that mysterious place, not many could get out. It would also make sense if Lan Feng just got out of that place as well. That’s why Qin Yu and Hou Fei do not know Lan Feng.“Why is Senior Zong asking this, is Lan Feng really my martial uncle?” Qin Yu turns the question around.Zong Jue smiles lightly. “I’m only guessing. This is not worth talking about.”Fang Tian takes a look around and says to Zong Jue. “Zong Jue, the Heaven Sundering Diagram was taken by Brother Lan Feng. There is no point in staying here anymore. Should we leave?”“What you’ve said makes sense.” Zong Jue nods.Then Zong Jue waves his arm and releases the restrictive spell inside Reverend Ming Liang’s body. He does not even care about killing Ming Liang.Immediately, Fang Tian and Zong Jue are telling their followers to depart, however… The space between heaven and earth began shaking. A tremor comes down from the sky, breaking all trees within an area of ten thousand miles, creating sonic booms and explosions.In midair, a space like a tornado appears.“This space tremor is so strong.” Fang Tian is shocked. Even if he and Zong Jue are fighting, space can break apart but there would be no such tremor. This is just too horrifying.Reverend Ming Liang is immediately ecstatic.Just now, he wanted to die as he was being tossed around by Fang Tian and Zong Jue, his life was in the palm of their hands. Now that the Immortal Realm Emissary has finally arrived, there is no need for him and the other loose immortals to fear the Dragon clan and Chaotic Astral Ocean anymore. Now they can raise their heads high.“Everyone, follow me so we can welcome the Immortal Realm Emissary.” Reverend Ming Liang’s voice resounds throughout the Heavenly Palace.Immediately, all the 6-tribulation immortals and above fly over happily. The Immortal Realm Emissary is definitely a formidable expert. With his protection, they don’t have to hide and cower anymore. All of them stand in two lines on the sky to wait for the Immortal Realm Emissary’s descent.Fang Tian and Zong Jue turned pale at Ming Liang’s words.Immortal Realm Emissary?Who would have thought that the emissary from the Immortal Realm would be the first to descend?End of Book 11 Chapter 19Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.