Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 32: Auctioning the Heaven-Sundering DiagramToday, the atmosphere on Snow Fish Island is clearly different. All parties’ troops were now settled and no one initiated anymore conflicts. At this time, the interior of Snow Fish Island’s interior is being decorated. Each and every one of the Chaotic Astral Ocean’s loose practitioners could be found somewhere within the central mansion.“Depart.”With Sword Immortal Hua Yan in the lead, Reverend Ming Liang, Reverend Ming Shan, Reverend Lan Bing, Reverend Chi Yang, and Xue Yu Yang closely follow behind him. They are directly heading towards the ‘Four-sided Courtyard’ where the gathering for the auction will be held.At this same moment.The Dragon Clan Emissary Ao Feng and Fang Tian walk forth side by side, behind them are the three elders Ao Yan, Ao Xu, and Yan Shan.The Demon Realm Emissary – Purple-Eyed Cow Devil King ‘Man Qian’ is leading the four individuals Yu Liang, Kong Cao, Xing Shou, and Wu Shan.Blood Devil ‘Du Zhong Jun’ is leading Wu Kong Xue, Dame Lian Yue, Fire Devil, and Wu Hei.The troops of the four parties march from their respective residences towards the courtyard where the auction will be held – the Four-sided Courtyard. Regardless of what happened in the past few days, whether they were trying to subtly demonstrate their power, glaring at each other, or maybe raging due to humiliation, today, all of them have smiles on their faces.Within the Four-sided Courtyard.The arrangements in the Four-sided Courtyard are quite simple. There are four round stone tables which form a straight line on one side and on the other side, there is a rectangular stone table and beside it are three chairs placed side by sideAs for each of the four tables, each of them are surrounded by eight chairs.Additionally, within the courtyard, there are two rows of servants from the Chaotic Astral Ocean standing.Currently, there are three people sitting on the chairs of the rectangular stone table – Zong Jue, Lan Fend, and Qin Yu.Qin Yu is sitting in the center with Zong Jue and Lan Feng sitting at his sides. Qin Yu is the host of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram’s auction assembly, so it is only natural that he sits in the very center.“Brother Lan Feng, these past few days, each party caused a mess with one another. But now that we have reached this final moment, even I do not know who will obtain this Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” A faint smile can be seen on Zong Jue’s face. Earlier, he had already obtained Qin Yu’s guarantee that the Chaotic Astral Ocean would be given spots to enter the Ni Yang Realm.Heaven-Sundering Diagram?Thus, right now, Zong Jue is only here to watch the show and nothing more.And of course, Qin Yu and Lan Feng are also just watching the show.“I just don’t know how many top grade elemental holy ores the Heaven-Sundering Diagram will be auctioned off for.” Lan Feng says with a smile. Looking at Qin Yu, “Qin Yu, take a guess, this time, who will get the Heaven-Sundering Diagram in the end?”“It will be mine!”A gentle, drifting voice sounds out. Shortly after, Sword Immortal Hua Yan and his five experts enter the courtyard from the west door. Sword Immortal Hua Yan, with a face brimming with confidence, says, “Since you don’t want this Heaven-Sundering Diagram, then it is only natural I will obtain it. You are a Sword Immortal, I, too, am a Sword Immortal. It is only proper that I will be the one to acquire it.”After saying that, Sword Immortal Hua Yan leads his men to take their seats.“Boasting is something every person is capable of, however, the reality usually tends to be the opposite.”A tranquil and calm voice containing an absolutely domineering weight resounds throughout the Four-sided Courtyard. Man Qian and his group enter from the east door. Man Qian indifferently glances over at Hua Yan with his cold purple eyes, his gaze also contains a trace of a domineering aura.Hua Yan only turns and smiles towards Man Qian and nods, with no sign of taking offense.This Four-sided Courtyard is called the Four-sided Courtyard because it was built specifically for the current auction. Thus, in total, there are four doors, the east door, west door, south door, and north door.Shortly after, Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun’s group and the Dragon Clan’s Ao Feng’s group enter from the south and north doors and proceed to their respective seats.Four round tables. Each group sat at one of the round tables, naturally dispersing their auras. None of the four groups are willing to seem weaker than the others.All of a sudden--“Gentlemen, today I will be auctioning this Heaven-Sundering Diagram. The host of this Heaven-Sundering Diagram’s auction is none other than my Martial Nephew Qin Yu. In regards to the processes and the demands for this auction, everyone please listen to my Martial Nephew. If you do not wish to abide by this, then you may leave.”Sword Immortal Lan Feng’s voice resounds as he gazes towards the people who are present.Zong Jue also gazes at everyone with a smile.Seeing those two sitting at Qin Yu’s sides, it is clear that they are there to support Qin Yu.“Correct. In order to participate in auction for the Heaven-Sundering Diagram, one must naturally abide by the rules. Whoever does not wish to comply, I will be the first person that you will wrong.” Man Qian’s tiger eyes sweep across the room, looking at each of the other three emissaries. Then, he immediately looks at Qin Yu with a humble smile and says, “Brother Qin Yu, without further ado, please conduct this auction the way you want to.”Sword Immortal Hua Yan, Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun, and the Dragon Clan’s Ao Feng and Fang Tian all understood. That Man Qian seems to have some sort of special relation with Qin Yu.Qin Yu stands with a smile, “Gentlemen, this junior has received his Martial Uncle’s order to host the Heaven-Sundering Diagram’s auction. Naturally, I will make this auction transparent and fair. I will now give you a simple rundown of the rules. Bids for this auction will be made in the form of top grade elemental holy ores. We will not accept any other sorts of treasures. In other terms, the person who has the most top grade elemental holy ore will be the victor. Additionally, after the auction is over, the transaction of the top grade elemental holy ores and the Heaven-Sundering Diagram will be done on the spot. If anyone does not have the number of top grade elemental holy ore that they bid and gave a fraudulent bid, then……”“Whoever gives a fraudulent bid, we will surround and kill!” Man Qian says in a cold snorting manner.“Right. Whoever gives a fraudulent bid will be surrounded by everyone and killed.” Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun also says with a face brimming with killing intent.Sword Immortal Hua Yan faintly laughs and says, “Words will not suffice. It’ll be better if we make an oath. I will be the first to. In the event that someone gives a fraudulent bid amount of top grade elemental holy ores during the course of this auction, this person will be subjected to being surrounded and killed by everyone else. At the same time, let their soul be scattered, never letting them reincarnate. Everyone, do you dare?”After finishing speaking, Hua Yan’s gaze sweeps across everyone else.“Who wouldn’t dare?” Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun coldly laughs and says. Simultaneously, he also makes the oath.Under Qin Yu, Lan Feng, and Zong Jue’s smiling expressions, the four groups’ powers all establish the oath.“Great. Since every senior has shown such good faith, let me also display a little bit of good faith.” Qin Yu waves his hand and a painting appears in front of everyone. Immediately, the eyes of the members in the four groups light up.Qin Yu slowly unfolds the painting.“Here today, senior Blood Devil and the Dragon Clan’s senior Ao Feng and senior Fang Tian have all seen the Heaven-Sundering Diagram before. I presume they also know how the Heaven-Sundering Diagram looks and the aura that it has. Gentlemen, you may examine it for a moment.” Qin Yu smiles while saying this to everyone.“Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun’s eyes light up.The Dragon Clan Emissary ‘Ao Feng’ speaks out, “Correct, this is indeed a Heaven-Sundering Diagram. I definitely would not mistake it.”Hua Yan also looks towards Reverend Ming Liang at his side.Originally, Reverend Ming Liang was able to seize the Heaven-Sundering Diagram. Naturally he would know what that specific Heaven-Sundering Diagram would look like and what its aura would be like. After attentively examining it, Reverend Ming Liang looks at Hua Yan and nods his head. Immediately, a hint of a gentle smile appears on Hua Yan’s face.“Alright. Does anyone have any doubts?” Qin Yu says with a smile.Everyone shakes their heads, demonstrating that they have no doubts.“Start the auction, stop wasting time.” Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun says.“Alright. Since everyone can wait no longer, let us begin the auction.” Qin Yu’s voice resounds. “The Heaven-Sundering Diagram is the key to entering the Ni Yang Realm and is thus, incomparably valuable. The starting bid for the Heaven-Sundering Diagram will be one piece of top grade elemental holy ore. Whoever can put forth the most top grade elemental holy ore will be the one to receive the Heaven-Sundering Diagram. Now, I ask that everyone place their bids.”Qin Yu says in a loud voice while standing.While speaking, Qin Yu was actually paying close attention to the four great Emissaries.“From the looks of it, Man Qian and Hua Yan are dead set on winning this Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” Qin Yu could figure this out just by looking at their expressions, “But still, that Dragon Clan Emissary Ao Feng is always looking like he is just smiling. No one knows what he is thinking at the bottom of his heart. This is a variable.”Qin Yu makes a judgement in his mind.In reality, currently, both the Dragon Clan and the Blood Devil’s groups have a Heaven-Sundering Diagram. If there would be any sort of competition, then it would be between the other two groups. Without a doubt, it’s also possible that the Dragon Clan and Blood Devil’s groups do not wish for anyone else to interfere, and thus, they would also enter the bidding war over the Heaven-Sundering Diagram.“I bid two pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.”The voice of the first bidder resounds.Qin Yu looks over in the direction that the voice came from. It is the Blood Devil ‘Du Zhong Jun’.Hearing the Blood Devil ‘Du Zhong Jun’s voice, Sword Immortal Hua Yan simply laughs and says, “Du Zhong Jun, you actually dare to place a bid. You must not be afraid of the oath that was made just a moment ago. I bid three pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.”“Hua Yan, I know you are determined to win. I am just livening things up and nothing more.” Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun says while smiling.No one else know, but Sword Immortal Hua Yan clearly knows, when speaking of who of those in the courtyard has the least top grade elemental holy ores, it would very likely be that Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun. If Sword Immortal Hua Yan’s guess is right, then this Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun most likely does not even have two pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.This is because Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun’s top grade elemental holy ore had all been obtained by Sword Immortal Hua Yan.Naturally, Sword Immortal Hua Yan paid a considerable price.“I bid four pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.” Man Qian smiles and says. “Alright, Hua Yan, don’t waste any time, this auction is really just a competition between us two. Don’t hesitate and just say how many top grade elemental holy ores you have.”On stage, Qin Yu is actually inwardly joyous.“Keep fighting, take out all of your top grade elemental holy ores, the more the merrier……. In any case, I will not dislike getting more.”Qin Yu smiles as he looks at the bidding war that is going on below him.The more top grade elemental holy ores he has, the stronger his Sword Immortal puppet would become.“Why should I say how many top grade elemental holy ores I have?” Sword Immortal Hua Yan faintly smiles.Sword Immortal Hua Yan is very smart, if his amount of top grade elemental holy ores is far more than that of Man Qian’s, then if he bid it all in one go and Man Qian was unable to contend, He, Hua Yan, would have given Qin Yu many more top grade elemental holy ores for no reason.Thus, every bid, Sword Immortal Hua Yan would only increase by one piece of top grade elemental holy ore.“5 pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.” Hua Yan bids once more.“Hmph! I bid seven pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.” Man Qian once more increases the bid, and then he looks over at Hua Yan while smiling, “Hua Yan, I just want to see exactly how many top grade elemental holy ores you have.”Hua Yan suddenly looks towards the Dragon Clan Emissary ‘Ao Feng’ and says, “I heard that the Dragon Clan is rich and overbearing, I presume that brother Ao Feng must have a lot of top grade elemental holy ores. So what’s going on? Brother Ao Feng you’ve yet to place a bid. Are you waiting till the very end to launch a surprise attack?”“Rich and overbearing? Hehe…... My amount of top grade elemental holy ores is not more than yours Hua Yan.” Ao Feng says with an always smiling face.“Hua Yan, stop wasting time. Ao Feng won’t compete.” Man Qian says calmly.“Oh…… It seems that the Dragon Clan’s top grade elemental holy ore has all fallen to your hands?” Hua Yan’s furrows his brow.“Smart. Say it. Just a moment ago, I bid seven top grade elemental holy ores, do you have much more than that?” Man Qian’s eyes radiate a blazing radiance, sending a feeling of pressure towards Hua Yan.On stage, Qin Yu has been listening to each group’s bids.“Seven?” Including my original piece, after this auction is over, my Sword Immortal puppet will at least be able to exhibit the strength of a level 8 Golden Immortal. A level 8 Golden Immortal!” Thinking about this, Qin Yu feels excited, however he only understands a little bit.There is a limit to this level 8 Golden Immortal.In case all eight of the top grade elemental holy ores’ energy is consumed, the Sword Immortal puppet would revert to being a piece of scrap metal. Thus he requires even more top grade elemental holy ore.“Top grade elemental holy ore. Even in the Immortal Realm or Devil Realm, it is extremely precious. The price to use this Sword Immortal puppet truly is high.” Qin Yu’s heart is quite pained.However, the Sword Immortal puppet is after all, extremely powerful, regardless of how much energy consumption, Qin Yu will still use it.And now, the bidding war between the wilderness Demon clan and the loose immortals has reached its final stage.“10 pieces of top grade elemental holy ore, I don’t believe that you have much more than this!” Man Qian says in a cold voice.The four great Emissaries, none of them during their descents asked their backer for top grade elemental holy ore because none of them thought that there would be any need for top grade elemental holy ore in the Mortal Realm. Even if they need to replenish their power, they also have their own holy pills.These top grade elemental holy ores are their own. An ordinary level 1 Golden Immortal probably could not even take out one piece of top grade elemental holy ore. However, these people are elites in their respective groups. Thus, they have a few top grade elemental holy ores.Sword Immortal Hua Yan stares blankly.“Haha, none left right? If you have none left, then admit defeat already.” Man Qian coldly laughs.“I offer 11 pieces of top grade elemental holy ore!” Sword Immortal Hua Yan’s eyes flare red.Man Qian’s color changes, “Alright, alright, I never thought that you would surprisingly have this much top grade elemental holy ore!”When Sword Immortal Hua Yan thinks about the eleven pieces of top grade elemental holy ore, his heart aches. In order to get top grade elemental holy ores from the Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun, he was ruthlessly and thoroughly cheated by the Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun. This is how he painstakingly managed to gather eleven pieces of top grade elemental holy ore.By his side, he has a total of eleven top grade elemental holy ores and nothing more. If Man Qian is capable of bidding one more piece, then he will no longer have any more hope.“Alright. At my side, I do not have that many top grade elemental holy ores, in total, there are only twelve pieces. I bid twelve pieces of top grade elemental holy ore. If you are capable, then bid again.” Man Qian’s body begins radiating a terrifying aura. Till the very, they could feel that they were pushing each other to their very limits.Sword Immortal Hua Yan’s face begins to turn pale.12 pieces?It is just one more piece than what he has.On top of the stage, ever since the bids surpassed eight pieces of top grade elemental holy ore Qin Yu became quite giddy. Finally, he speaks out.“Currently, the Demon Realm Emissary Man Qian has already put forth a bid of twelve pieces of top grade elemental holy ore. Are there any higher bids?” Qin Yu glances around at everyone. For the most part, Qin Yu’s attention centered on the Sword Immortal Hua Yan. At this moment, he is using a type of ‘expectant and encouraging’ gaze towards the Sword Immortal Hua Yan.Sword Immortal Hua Yan’s face is completely pale, he simply can no longer speak.Qin Yu understands in his heart… This Hua Yan must no longer have any more top grade elemental holy ores left.”“If there is no higher bid, then this Heaven-Sundering Diagram will need to be given to brother Man Qian.” Qin Yu’s voice starts to get louder.“Wait!”The Dragon Clan Emissary Ao Feng stands up and says, “Little brother Qin Yu, please don’t be anxious. This matter has yet to reach a conclusion.”End of Book 11 Chapter 32Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.