Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 18: The Location of the Heaven-Sundering DiagramThe Golden-Winged Great Peng, amongst Divine Beasts, there are extremely few that can compare with its speed which is classified as the fastest in the world, one or two flying type Divine Beasts can compared in speed, but for mammals or lizards, in terms of speed they are far from being as fast as a Golden-Winged Great Peng.Fang Tian felt troubled. Reverend Ming Liang had already fallen into Zong Jue’s hands. There was not even the slightest chance for them to fight over who gets Ming Liang.He had no qualm with Zong Jue, but there were many Dragon Clan experts present, but even more Chaotic Astral Ocean experts present.“Haha… Zong Jue, in terms of speed, you still far surpass me.” Fang Tian laughs out loud, acting as if he didn’t mind, “But still, today, I contributed to the destruction of the Ten Development Illusionary Formation, if you reaped all the benefits, how could my Dragon Clan’s disciples ever feel content?”Zong Jue didn’t feel like dragging this out, saying, “What exactly are you trying to say?”“If you want Reverend Ming Liang, that is absolutely impossible, the Heaven-Sundering Diagram is definitely mine.” Zong Jue says once more, with a tone of unconditional aggression, leaving no leeway for compromise.Suddenly, Hu Yi, Lian Xiao, Fu Yun Zi and his brother, Shi Bian and his brother, Yi Zang, and each and every Chaotic Astral Ocean expert arrived at Zong Jue’s side, coldly staring in the Dragon Clan’s direction. In terms of individuals, the Dragon Clan is quite powerful, but in front of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, they are still weaker.The Chaotic Astral Ocean experts’ attitudes says it all. ‘The Heaven-Sundering Diagram along with Reverend Ming Liang, was absolutely theirs for the taking.’“Big brother, it looks like a fight is about to break out.” Hou Fei says with excitement radiating from his eyes.Qin Yu looks curiously at Hei Yu, “Xiao Hei，from the time you saw Zong Jue till now, it seems like you’ve been quite absent-minded. You’re always looking towards Zong Jue, what is the matter?”“I am not sure.” Hei Yu is also muddle-headed, “After seeing Zong Jue, I felt a sense of familiarity towards him. Maybe this is because we are both bird-type Divine Beasts.” Hei Yu could finally only let out this excuse.Qin Yu nodded his head and did not ask any further questions.At this moment Fang Tian was faced with Zong Jue’s power. Without minding this, Fang Tian smiles and say, “Zong Jue, since Reverend Ming Liang has been captured by you, I will not take action to fight over him. I merely want to say one thing.”Hearing that Fang Tian wouldn’t fight, Zong Jue nods and says, “What’s the matter? Speak.”Fang Tian smiles and says, “The exact location of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram, this Reverend Ming Liang definitely knows. Now that Reverend Ming Liang is in your hands, if you can get the location of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram out of him, I will absolutely not obstruct you. But… if you can’t, give Reverend Ming Liang to me for interrogation. If I get the location of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram from him, you must definitely not obstruct me.”Fang Tian makes his wager.Wagering that Zong Jue would fail his interrogation.“Zong Jue, Fang Tian, you people should stop dreaming, it’s wishful thinking that you think you can get the location of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram from me.” Reverend Ming Liang coldly states. His body violently shook at this moment.Suddenly, a surge of energy coming from Zong Jue’s palm enters Reverend Ming Liang’s body, Reverend Ming Liang suddenly returns to normal. Zong Jue says coldly, “Wanting to kill yourself? While in my hands, you still think of suicide? Keep dreaming. Without first telling me your secret location for the Heaven-Sundering Diagram, why would I let you die?”A moment ago Reverend Ming Liang tried to kill himself, but Zong Jue momentarily rendered Reverend Ming Liang unable to move.“Fang Tian, I agree to what you have said. If my interrogation fails, I will surely hand him over. Should your interrogation succeed, I will naturally not seize the Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” Zong Jue says with a smile.Fang Tian nods his head with satisfaction.“I won’t seize it, but it’s not certain that others won’t seize it. You should still be careful.” Zong Jue says with a smile. “This is, of course, based off the chance that I fail my interrogation. It’s only Reverend Ming Liang, how could I possibly fail the interrogation?”Fang Tian calmly says, “As long as you attempt to seize it, other people? They don’t deserve my attention.”Done. Fang Tian casually glances at his surroundings.Regardless if it’s Hu Yi or Fu Yun Zi’s level of experts. In Fang Tian’s presence, they have no choice but to be humbled. Just now, Fang Tian transformed into a Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, its power was still fresh in everyone’s minds. At the scene, no one would dare oppose Fang Tian.“Ming Liang, I’m too lazy to do anything special, tell me the Heaven-Sundering Diagram’s location to me, and I will spare your life.” Zong Jue calmly said.At this moment, Zong Jue originally never wanted to use any special methods.“If you want to kill me, then kill me. Keep dreaming if you think you’ll get the Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” Reverend Ming Liang coldly smiles.Currently, Reverend Ming Liang’s energy was sealed, thus killing himself would be impossible. But, Reverend Ming Liang was clear on one notion. ‘If he handed over the Heaven-Sundering Diagram, the Immortal Realm Emissary descending to the Mortal Realm, would undoubtedly kill him. Not just that, but it would also affect his sect’s elders in the Immortal Realm. He would become a sinner condemned by his sect’s history’.Handing it over is death, not handing it over is also death. But if he handed it over, this would also harm his sect’s elders.“You really are a fool.” Zong Jue says with a laugh. At this moment, Zong Jue looked at Reverend Ming Liang, hallucinatory rays of light shot forth from Zong Jue’s eyes.Hypnosis Technique. (TL: **之法 not sure what that really is… but hypnosis technique should be pretty close.)Reverend Ming Liang, when seeing Zong Jue’s eyes, began feeling sleepy. He also began to feel that the Zong Jue in front of him was much more familiar, much more reliable. Just like his own closest loved ones.“What is your name?”“My real name is Yang Shan, the name given to me by my master is ‘Ming Liang’.”“How many years have you been practicing?”>>>>>>Watching Zong Jue ask a question and Reverend Ming Liang answering them, each and every one of the Chaotic Astral Ocean experts had a smile on their faces. But, within the Heavenly Palace, the loose immortals all appeared anxious. No one dared to come out because there were two unrivaled experts right outside.During Zong Jue's interrogation, on the side, Fang Tian was furrowing his brow. He did not expect Zong Jue’s special technique to be so powerful.“Where is the Heaven-Sundering Diagram?” Zong Jue had finally made enough step by step progress to ask this. At the beginning, he started by asking irrelevant questions, but finally, he now asked about the actual important issue at hand.“The Heaven-Sundering Diagram is…”“Ah! Heaven-Sundering Diagram!” Reverend Ming Liang as if he were struck by lightning and split in half, his entire body shook, his eyes momentarily blinking to regain focus, he unexpectedly regained clear-headedness.Reverend Ming Liang coldly looked at Zong Jue, saying, “Such a powerful technique. I almost fell for it.”Zong Jue’s smile turned stiff, he says with praise, “Your willpower indeed persevered, but still, I do not believe that I cannot get it out of you.” Zong Jue’s body moved, and appeared again in the same spot as if he had never moved.Except now, Reverend Ming Shan was now in Zong Jue’s hands.The loose immortals began a ruckus.The 10th tribulation, 11th tribulation loose immortals gathered together, the loose immortals within the large hall of the Heavenly Palace once more became cautious and timid. At the same time, there was a feeling of ‘if the rabbit dies, the fox grieves’ (兔死狐悲). Unexpectedly, just a moment ago, right besides everyone, Zong Jue quickly grabbed Ming Shan and dragged him back to where Zong Jue originally was.“Ming Liang，according to my Devil Sense search, this man is your Qing Xu Temple’s, and is an expert second only to yourself.” Zong Jue smiles. Immediately, with great seriousness, Zong Jue’s eyes fell on Reverend Ming Shan.Reverend Ming Shan’s willpower was much weaker than his senior’s, to him, this moment felt like forever.“Tell me. Where is the Heaven-Sundering Diagram?” Zong Jue directly interrogates him about the location of the Heaven-Sundering Diagram.Reverend Ming Shan, like a machine, lifelessly says, “The Heaven-Sundering Diagram is protected by my senior brother, as for where the Heaven-Sundering Diagram has been placed, other than my senior brother, nobody knows.”Hearing Reverend Ming Shan’s response, Zong Jue’s smile disappears.“Haha, enough wishful thinking, you people will absolutely not obtain the Heaven-Sundering Diagram.” Reverend Ming Liang proudly smiled. This moment, Reverend Ming Liang appeared to be brimming with confidence. Although he was captured, it seemed like he wasn’t showing the slightest awareness of himself being so. Instead he was demonstrating haughtiness.Zong Jue carefully examined Reverend Ming Liang, looking directly at Reverend Ming Liang’s eyes.Zong Jue threw Reverend Ming Liang over to Fang Tian in one motion.“Fang Tian, he is yours. I’d like to see what method you use to interrogate him.” Zong Jue ended his interrogation.Behind Zong Jue, Qin Yu, Hou Fei, Hei Yu could only watch.“Big brother, I have this feeling, that this Dragon Clan Clan Leader is extremely confident. From what I can tell, he will very likely be able to interrogate out the answer.” Hou Fei rubbing his chin as he reached this verdict.“I agree.” Hei Yu said.Qin Yu did not say anything, only smiling while looking at Fang Tian.Fang Tian motioned his hand, the powerless Reverend Ming Liang suddenly appeared in front of him.Fang Tian smiles as he glances at Zong Jue and says, “Zong Jue, you should not forget the words you said a moment ago if I am successful. You better not fight with me.”“I, Zong Jue, say something and it shall be so. I said I won’t fight, so I absolutely will not fight with you over it. If you have the skill, then do not hesitate to interrogate him.” Zong Jue coldly says. “Just be careful. Even though I won’t fight, that does not mean others will not.Fang Tian faintly laughs, he has absolute confidence in himself.Only seeing Fang Tian’s hand flip over, a small golden pearl appeared in Fang Tian’s palm, an enormous aura radiated from the golden pearl. That aura was so enormous that everyone at the scene could not help but feel their hearts tremble.Zong Jue eyes gleamed, “A Heritage Pearl?”“Yes.” Fang Tian smiled and nodded.A Heritage Pearl, a Dragon Clan treasure. Not many people knew exactly what function the pearls served.“The Heritage Pearl has many different uses, one of them is… hypnosis!” Fang Tian said with confidence. The Heritage Pearl in Fang Tian’s palm radiated rainbow rays of light. That radiance looked as if it were from a dream, so much that Qin Yu, who was far off, also felt a sense of dizziness in his head, rendering him completely unable to comprehend anything.This was not the pearls’ main effect, rather it was only a side effect that scattered around.All 8th tribulation loose immortals and below were completely consumed by the effect, not only Qin Yu, even Hou Fei and Xiao Hei were currently affected.But, Zong Jue, Hu Yi, and Lian Xiao’s level of experts were not affected.Reverend Ming Liang was the true target of the Heritage Pearl, an overwhelming amount of the pearl’s effect affected his body. A spinning light that was the exact same as the Heritage Pearl’s was in Reverend Ming Liang’s eyes, he had now completely fallen under Fang Tian’s control.Qin Yu was only under the effect for a short period of time, a meteoric light scattered throughout his mind, and his soul absorbed the light.“How amazing!”Qin Yu regained level-headedness, even under hypnosis, the Meteoric Tear helped him recover, but Qin Yu knew very clearly, a moment ago, he had fallen under the pearl’s control, even his brothers Fei Fei and Xiao Hei were also hypnotized“Fei Fei, Xiao Hei.” Qin Yu extended his hands and pulled on Hou Fei and Xiao Hei.Hou Fei and Xiao Hei still had no response. The hypnosis technique would not be broken so easily.“What to do…? I have the Meteoric Tear, however Fei Fei and Xiao Hei both do not.” Qin Yu carefully thought, even though only time was really necessary, when Fang Tian puts away the Heritage Pearl, everything should return to normal. However, just the thought that his brothers were under someone else’s control was a terrible thought.“If he could control the Meteoric Tear that would be optimal.”Meteoric Tear’s light automatically appears by itself, Qin Yu did not have any control over it. However, at this moment, meteoric light flowed from Qin Yu into the Xiao Hei’s hand that he was holding, Xiao Hei’s body recovered back to normal at this moment.“Big brother.” Hei Yu was very surprised.Qin Yu felt quite surprised.“I can control the Meteoric Tear now?” Qin Yu felt very surprised. Qin Yu grabbed Hou Fei’s arm, at this moment, he consciously tried to control the Meteoric Tear in order to release its meteoric light, after a long while, the Meteoric Tear slowly released its meteoric light.Hou Fei suddenly returned to normal.Qin Yu was feeling really joyful, his efforts had affected the Meteoric Tear. However, further attempts to use the Meteoric Tear’s power were fruitless. This Meteoric Tear works at times and at others, does not. But still, Qin Yu had heartfelt excitement, no matter what, it’s now clear… he had gained the ability to intentionally use the Meteoric Tear’s power.Now, Reverend Ming Liang was already completely hypnotized.“Ming Liang, speak. Where is the Heaven-Sundering Diagram?Fang Tian spoke in a cold and direct tone, obviously, Fang Tian’s first question would be the most important question. He certainly didn’t need to take this step by step. This is the result of the Dragon Clan’s treasure. The Heritage Pearl’s effect truly is ridiculously fearsome.Reverend Ming Liang was now like a puppet, like a zombie, he said, “I left the Heaven-Sundering Diagram on Qing Xu Temple’s disciple name Shan’s body.A disciple named Shan?Suddenly the Heavenly Palace’s loose immortals group was in a ruckus, there were not many loose immortals with the name Shan, only a few.“Who is it?” Fang Tian continued to ask.“Shan Qu.” Reverend Ming Liang responded.“Who is Shan Qu?” Fang Tian did not know who Shan Qu is, what use is throwing around names.At this moment, Qin Yu was paying attention up to this point, once Reverend Ming Liang blurted out ‘Shan Qu’, within the Heavenly Palace’s large hall, a group of loose immortals all looked towards one person. That person’s face suddenly changed colors, he suddenly thought about escaping.“He is Shan Qu.” Qin Yu’s heart thumped.Then, Reverend Ming Liang turned around, lifelessly looked towards the loose immortals within the large hall of the Heavenly Palace and pointed at Shan Qu, saying, “That is Shan Qu.”Fang Tian was overjoyed.The Dragon Clan’s experts were all smiles. Zong Jue was frowning, the Chaotic Astral Ocean’s experts also shared the same sentiment.However, at this moment…An extremely astonishing, seemingly out of this world sword aura shot directly towards Heavenly Palace, that sword aura was tyrannical, tearing a rift in space. Even Fang Tian and Zong Jue’s colors changed. Both of them were afraid and simultaneously dodged. The sword aura directly killed three loose immortals and finally pierced Shan Qu’s yuanying.Shan Qu died and a painting dropped.A callous man wielding a long sword appeared besides Shan Qu and grabbed the painting.End of Book 11 Chapter 18Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.