Stellar Transformations Book 11 Chapter 33: The Final WinnerThis chapter was translated by Rylain at Nightbreeze translations. For various reasons, Rylain's translations for Stellar Transformations are on an indefinite hiatus. Refer to his blog for more information. You can find his blog here here! Please note that some terms might be different from the past!“Ao Feng!”A sharp aura, similar to a keen sword, was directly aimed and shot towards Ao Feng, and even Ao Feng’s facial expression also changed momentarily. He immediately turned and looked towards the source of that keen aura —Purple lights were lingering on the eye pupils, and a tyrannical atmosphere had burst forth from the purple coloured battle armor. Purple-Eyed Bull Demon King ‘Man Gan’ was like a ferocious beast choosing someone to bite, and severely stared at Ao Feng. “Ao Feng, you have forgotten about the agreement we had made on that day, do not go overboard!”The moment Qin Yu saw that situation, he was also unintentionally startled.When that Man Gan became mad, it was still really terrifying.“I have obviously not forgotten the agreement between us. I said that ‘I will absolutely not participate in obtaining the ‘Sundering The Heavens Diagrams”. Since I have said that, then I will definitely do it.” Ao Feng lightly smiled, and said, “After all, even if I want to contend for it, the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.”Man Gan coldly snorted, and said, “Then, when you had shouted ‘wait’, what was that about?”Ao Feng momentarily grinned. “I might not have many Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, but I still have three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones with me. I have decided, to sell these three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. This…… should not offend you, Man Gan, right?”“I will buy!” Sword Immortal Hua Yan immediately spoke out.Man Gan had twelve pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones with him, while Hua Yan only had eleven pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. If he wanted to successfully win the bid for the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, Hua Yan still required to buy two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.“Good, Ao Feng, you are good. You had already obtained a huge advantage from my side, and now you want to gain even more benefits. You are indeed insidious,” said Man Gan in a cold tone filled with disdain.Ao Feng maintained his face of smiles. “Brother Man Gan, those words are incorrect. I only said that I am selling three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, but I also did not say who I am selling them to. Hua Yan can buy them, but you, Brother Man Gan, can naturally also buy them. Ah, I will not mind that at all.”Hua Yan’s facial expression momentarily changed.Man Gan instead gave a cold smile. “Go ahead and say, what price is needed to buy those pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones?”Ao Feng gave a sly smile and said, “My request is also not much. For one piece of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stone, I require a piece of Finest Grade Demon Equipment for an exchange. Of course, one piece of Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman can also be used to exchange for it.”Hua Yan frowned. “Ao Feng, isn’t your price too much? During the time in the Immortal Realm, even a piece of Finest Grade Immortal Equipment that was ordinary beyond compare, was also definitely worth ten or more pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, while a piece of Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman was even worth several tens of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. You are profiting by several tens of times.”“If you want to exchange, then exchange. If not, I also do not mind,” said Ao Feng with a faint smile.Qin Yu, who was hosting the auctions on the stage, instead smiled but did not speak.“This Ao Feng is still really treacherous.” Qin Yu secretly chuckled, “Looking at Man Gan’s behaviour, I definitely think that he had already paid a huge price in the beginning to obtain several Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones from the Dragon Clan. Now, at this critical moment, Ao Feng again wants to exploit and earn a huge profit. However, go ahead and earn. After all, the higher the final auction bid, the better.”From Qin Yu’s point of view, the whatever Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman definitely did not count as anything.The Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman‘s power might be strong, but to use Qin Yu’s martial skills as an activation move, he was afraid that those Emissaries would not even be injured. It was still better to use the Sword Immortal Puppet with the strongest power.“All right, I will buy it. Two pieces of Finest Grade Immortal Equipment, to exchange for two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones,” voiced out Hua Yan as he bit into his teeth.From Hua Yan’s point of view, he currently only needed to buy two pieces at that point of time.Ao Feng gave a slight smile. “Brother Hua Yan, it seems like you might have heard wrongly earlier. I said that I was selling ‘three pieces’ of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. If you want to buy, then you will have to buy three pieces. Otherwise…… I will not even sell a single piece.”Hua Yan was stunned.Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun momentarily gave a slight blank stare, then immediately began to laugh.Man Gan only smiled icily.Meanwhile, Qin Yu, Zong Jue, Lan Feng and the others, instead began to smile faintly.“All right.” Hua Yan gritted his teeth, “Ao Feng, count yourself good, I will buy it. Two pieces of Finest Grade Immortal Equipment and an additional piece of Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman, to buy three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.”Having said that, two pieces of Finest Grade Immortal Equipment as well as a single piece of Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman appeared on Hua Yan’s hand. “All right, I have already taken them out. Hurry and hand me those three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.”Instead, Ao Feng looked at Man Gan. “Brother Man Gan, it is now up to you. If the items that you offer are capable of moving my heart even more than what was offered, ah, I can also sell it to you.”Having arrived to that moment, Ao Feng still thought of earning even more.“Ao Feng!” Hua Yan had begun to get heated up.Instead, Man Gan gave a cold smile. “Humph, are you treating me like an idiot, huh? I also do not want this Sundering The Heavens Diagrams any more. After all, Brother Du had earlier agreed to let me have a share of three slots from his Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. Since I have to pay such a large price for that piece of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, it is also no longer worth it.”“Hua Yan, my bid is twelve pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, and will not offer even a single piece more. If you are capable, then offer thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones and take this Sundering The Heavens Diagrams away. I will not even frown. If you are unwilling, then this Sundering The Heavens Diagrams will belong to me.”Man Gan smiled icily while looking at Hua Yan.Sword Immortal Hua Yan gave a cold snort, then gave two pieces of Finest Grade Immortal Equipment and one piece of Hundred Pulverising-Thunder Sealed Talisman to Ao Feng, and received three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones in return.“I offer thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones,” said Sword Immortal Hua Yan in a furious tone.Just for that. Sword Immortal Hua Yan had suffered huge losses just to gather a sufficient amount of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. Not only did he get ‘slaughtered’ once by Blood Devil Du Zhong Jun in the beginning, he was also very recently ‘butchered’ by that Ao Feng once more.“Qin Yu, why do you still not continue?” Sword Immortal Hua Yan looked at Qin Yu.Qin Yu promptly gave a slight, humble smile and said, “This Junior knows. Seniors, currently Senior Hua Yan has already made a bid of thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, are there any higher offers? If there are no higher offers, then this Sundering The Heavens Diagrams will soon belong to Senior Hua Yan?”Qin Yu’s gaze swept through the audience.“Since every Senior here do not have any higher bids, then I will announce……” Qin Yu’s speech was very slow, it was as if he was expecting a certain Emissary to shout out an even higher bid.Suddenly —Qin Yu’s voice resounded forth, “I announce, this Sundering The Heavens Diagrams has been auctioned to Senior Hua Yan for thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.”Meanwhile, at that very moment, an indifferent voice resounded forth.“Earlier, everyone had made an oath. The offered amount of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones will be exchanged for the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. Now that the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams is already here, where is Brother Hua Yan’s Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones?” Sword Immortal Lan Feng’s gaze swept towards Sword Immortal Hua Yan.Man Gan, Du Zhong Jun, and Ao Feng also looked at Hua Yan.Hua Yan laughed, and said, “Since I dared to bid that amount, I naturally have it.”There was a momentarily flicker of light within Hua Yan’s hands, and piece by piece, Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones appeared on his palms.“A total of thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.” Hua Yan directly placed thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones on Qin Yu’s long table.Qin Yu smiled and received the thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, while Hua Yan also received the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. Upon receiving the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, Hua Yan’s first reaction was to create a Blood Contract with it. After Hua Yan became its owner, he naturally understood some information regarding the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams.“Senior Hua Yan, is that piece of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams authentic?” asked Qin Yu with a faint smile.Hua Yan’s face revealed a satisfied smile.Since he had obtained the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, those losses could also be considered to be worth it.He was happy, but in actual fact, amongst all the people who were present, Qin Yu was the happiest.“Thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, adding to the original piece which had less than half of its energy exhausted, I do not need to worry about the Sword Immortal Puppet exhausting a large amount of energy at least for now.” Qin Yu’s heart kept pounding excitedly.Thirteen pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.What did that imply?That meant Qin Yu had at least a Ninth Tier Golden Immortal in his hands.Ninth Tier Golden Immortal, ah, what kind of level was that.When he had received those Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, Qin Yu had been secretly excited all along.Meanwhile, at that moment, the side of the Loose Immortals, the side of the Loose Devils, the side of the wilderness Demon Clan, and the side of the Dragon Clan also began to converse amongst themselves. Each of the other Emissaries expressed their congratulations towards Sword Immortal Hua Yan. Hua Yan also had a face filled with a cheerful smile. Even when facing towards Man Gan and Ao Feng, Hua Yan was also smiling pleasantly.“Hua Yan has obtained the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams. There are currently three pieces of Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, and they should more or less all be gathered here. From what I see…… ah, why don’t we arrange the map now, and then directly head towards Ni Yang’s Realm?” Man Gan suddenly suggested.When Man Gan’s words had just left his lips, the previously lively atmosphere within the Four-sided Courtyard immediately became quiet.Silence.Silence that was slightly overwhelming.Du Zhong Jun, Hua Yan, and Ao Feng’s facial expressions were rather artificial. In reality, those three people were currently communicating in secret using Sound Transfer.“Brother Du, don’t tell me that you are really willing to hand over these three places to this Man Gan? You should also know that given Man Gan’s capabilities, and also his status, I think…… once the few of us great Emissaries all enter Ni Yang’s Realm, the person with the highest chance of obtaining that treasure will be Man Gan,” said Ao Feng using Sound Transfer. At the same time, that voice also reverberated within Hua Yan’s mind.Currently, only three people possessed the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams — Ao Feng, Du Zhong Jun, and Hua Yan.Very naturally, those three people also did not want to let others have a chance to enter Ni Yang’s Realm.“Brother Du, what Brother Ao Feng said is correct. That Man Gan is also a Super Divine Beast. Given that he was able to descend, this speaks of just how very determined the Demon Realm is this time. Maybe…… This Man Gan might even have a piece of Low Grade Divine Equipment with him huh. If he enters, the chances of us receiving any treasure will be small,” said Hua Yan as he also attempted to persuade Du Zhong Jun.Low Grade Divine Equipment. It was completely different from Finest Grade Immortal Equipment.For Finest Grade Immortal Equipment, they could still be refined by Mystic Immortals who were sufficiently powerful using several materials.However, for Low Grade Divine Equipment, even if it was the lousiest amongst the Divine Equipment, it could also not be refined by martial experts of the Immortal Realm, Demon Realm, and Devil Realm. That was why Low Grade Divine Equipment were all passed down from the God Realm, and were all limited in quantity.Moreover, the strength of Divine Equipment were absolutely unimaginable.Low Grade Divine Equipment, compared to Finest Grade Immortal Equipment, the difference in power was definitely more than several times.“Hua Yan, Ao Feng, do you think that I am willing huh? He had used force to coerce me.” Du Zhong Jun was also very helpless.“Orh, so it’s like that. Brother Du, that Man Gan is simply too high-handed. The reason that he now suggests we immediately head towards Ni Yang’s Realm, is because he thinks to take advantage of your half of the available places to enter together. I think…… We should first push the date further. How about we wait until everyone has separated, then our three factions will gather, and after that enter Ni Yang’s Realm together?” Ao Feng suggested.“Good suggestion,” agreed Hua Yan.Du Zhong Jun thought for a moment, then also responded, “After all, I had initially only agreed verbally, and also did not make an oath. All right, we will proceed with what the both of you have said. We will postpone the date, and after a period of time, our three factions will secretly gather and head for Ni Yang’s Realm. Ah, let’s just let that mad bull Man Gan go mad.”[Rylain: The Chinese language have no gender differentiation for animal characters. This is definitely an intentional pun for ‘Mad Cow’ in ‘Mad Cow Disease’. Since Man Gan is male, I had to use ‘Bull’.]“Brother Du is brilliant,” praised Ao Feng.Man Gan looked at the expressions of the three people.“What happened to the three of you? Why are you all not speaking? Ah, are all of you secretly discussing?” Man Gan said in a cold tone.“Brother Man Gan, you are saying that we should now assemble the map, and head towards Ni Yang’s Realm. This, isn’t this a little too rushed?” Ao Feng of the Dragon Clan continued, “We are simply not at all prepared for this, why not…… Let us all return and prepare for a month or two, and after that assemble together, prepared to enter Ni Yang’s Realm?”“Correct, let us all prepare, there is no need to be too rushed.” Hua Yan also echoed in agreement.Man Gan frowned. “Prepare what? What needs to be well-prepared? Do you all not carry your treasures along with you? Moreover, aren’t the experts amongst your subordinates following around you? If that is the case, what else still require you to return and prepare?”Du Zhong Jun and Hua Yan were startled.Amongst them, who do not carry their treasures with them?Ao Feng smiled and helplessly replied, “Brother Man Gan, there is something that you may not know. Before I descend to the Mortal Realm, my clan’s Dragon Emperor once gave me a treasure. That treasure is extremely beneficial towards my Dragon Clan’s martial cultivation growth. Upon my descent, I had left that treasure within the Dragon Clan, to let those children cultivate their martial skills. Hmm, it is now still within the Dragon Clan.”Man Gan’s facial expression became stiff.“All right, I hope you are all not lying to me, otherwise…… Humph, do not blame me for being ruthless.” Man Gan gave a cold snort before he turned around and left.The three people, Ao Feng, Hua Yan, and Du Zhong Jun, only exchanged looks with each other, then promptly bid their farewells with Qin Yu, Lan Feng, and Zong Jue, before they individually left the Four-sided Courtyard.*****Within the Four-sided Courtyard.“Everyone has left. The auctioning of the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams this time can also be considered to have ended perfectly,” said Zong Jue as he smiled.Qin Yu nodded and said, “Senior Zong, I have also troubled you for the past number of days. Ah, why don’t you take a rest, then after a period of several days, Senior Zong may come and find me here. After that, we can head towards Ni Yang’s Realm together.”“Hmm, that is also good, Little Brother Qin Yu, Brother Lan Feng, farewell.”Zong Jue also left immediately. The people who were serving within the Four-sided Courtyard had also left. Only Qin Yu and Lan Feng remained.Lan Feng was standing upright, while Qin Yu instead had his back facing Lan Feng. He was looking at the Snow Fish Mountain that was not far away.“Lan Feng, you may first use these two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones.” Qin Yu waved a hand, and two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones flew towards Lan Feng.Lan Feng received the Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, and there was a momentary flash from both his hands. The two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones had disappeared.Qin Yu clearly felt that the Nine of Nine Elemental Spirit Array within Lan Feng’s body had three pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones. Although there was an increase of merely two pieces of Finest Grade Elemental Spirit Stones, the current Lan Feng’s capabilities had instead increased by quite a number of times. He was already a Third Tier Golden Immortal Sword Immortal.“Lan Feng, initially when Reverend Ming Liang and Wu Kong Xue fought over the Sundering The Heavens Diagrams, they had fought within the Qianlong Continent, and had instead caused the death of more than one million people of my Qin Royal Dynasty, and more than ninety-five percent of my Qin Clan were either dead or injured. Although the Qingxu Sect and Yinyue Palace were burnt to the ground, the two perpetrators are still enjoying nourishing lives. Now is also the time to let them swallow the bitter result.”Qin Yu spoke slowly, while his back facing Lan Feng.There was only a fine glint of light within Lan Feng’s eyes, and the Sword Energy around his body became increasingly fierce.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.