B4C27: A new journey5 short knives and a black long spear are floating in the air.“Father, I’ll give you these 5 short knives and this long spear.” Qin Yu says smilingly.“Ah, these are …” There is a note of ecstasy on Qin De’s face. “Weren’t these 5 short knives taken in by Wu Xing last time?” Qin De can totally understand that Qin Yu naturally came into possession of Wu Xing’s treasures after his death.However, when ordinary people obtain such treasures as these weapons, they will keep them for themselves instead of giving them to other people.Seeing the black long spear, Fengyuzi says with wonderment: “This long spear is the Xiang clan’s Conqueror’s Spear, right? In that battle on the River Wu, even though I was staying on a river shore, I still saw how formidable this Conqueror’s Spear was. Xiao Yu, I never expected that you’d even manage to fetch the spear after killing Xiang Yang. This really is …”Qin Yu gives a smile: “Pity his suit of armor was badly damaged by Xiao Hei’s special skill and was no longer useful.”Xiao Hei uses holy sense communication at once from a distance: “Big brother, pity what? If more than half of his suit of armor hadn’t been corroded by my Dark Moon technique, it would’ve been extremely difficult for you to kill him directly. You really went overboard. Having been badly injured, you still dived so deep into the water to fetch this long spear.”Being questioned by Xiao Hei, Qin Yu simply chooses not to answer.“Father, these 3 secret books were given to me by my master, but I have no use for them. I can guarantee that they’re absolutely top-class practice techniques in the Xiuzhen world. But the techniques are only a bridge to a Xiuzhenist and he still has to walk the path of practice step by step on his own. Even with these secret books Uncle Feng and you still need to try hard because their usefulness is actually not very great.” Qin Yu says smilingly.Fengyuzi says with a shake of his head: “Xiao Yu, don’t be so modest. These Xiuzhen secret books also contain various suitable attacking techniques. With these top-class techniques, even if an opponent is a level above us in power, we will still be able to rely on our powerful attacks to give him a good fight.”The determining factor in a battle between Xiuzhenists is their fighting power.A Xiuzhenist’s fighting power is decided by his holy weapons, holy pills, power level and offensive techniques. In other words, during a battle, a Xiuzhenist has to rely on his holy weapons, holy pills, personal power level and some special attacking techniques, which is exactly what Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have done.Towards end of the battle, Qin Yu executed the Stellar Field and the Meteor Strike while Xiao Hei performed the 1st strike of the Dark Moon technique, which was even more formidable than his Flaming Lightning. Only thanks to these special blows were they able to kill Xiang Yang, who was actually much more powerful than them. This has shown that attacking techniques are no less important than holy weapons.“Father, I have 10 holy pills in here -- 10 Bluish Vermilion Pills. They are very effective in healing Xiuzhenists’ injuries.” Qin Yu takes out from his spatial ring a jade bottle which contains 10 Bluish Vermilion Pills.Bluish Vermilion Pills are like a sacred medicine when it comes to treating injuries. Generally, when the internal organs are damaged, even Xiuzhenists will find it hard to recover from this, but if they can eat a Bluish Vermilion Pill, they will become healthy very quickly.Qin Yu has the Meteoric Tear so these Bluish Vermilion Pills are not important to him. However he has only taken out more than half of the Bluish Vermilion Pills left behind by Lei Wei and has put the remaining 3 pills in another bottle just in case Xiao Hei will need them later.“Bluish Vermilion Pills, you said Bluish Vermilion Pills?” Fengyuzi suddenly opens his eyes wide.Qin Yu is stupefied because Fengyuzi is a bit too shocked at the moment.“Yep … they’re Bluish Vermilion Pills. Uncle Feng, what’s the matter?” He asks doubtfully.Fengyuzi stares at that jade bottle and says in astonishment: “Bluish Vermilion Pills, moreover there are 10 of them. Oh my, Xiao Yu, who is exactly your master? These Bluish Vermilion Pills are high-grade holy pills. Even one of them is already very precious yet you have 10 pills.”“High-grade holy pills?”“Yes, let me tell you something, even one Bluish Vermilion Pill is extremely important. When a Xiuzhenist suffers a loss of elemental energy, he can practice to replenish his power, but when his internal organs are injured, it will be very difficult for him to recover from this.” Fengyuzi says emotionally: “The internal organs are very weak so you can only nurture them slowly using your elemental energy to let them gradually recover on their own. But with the Bluish Vermilion Pills, it will take you just a few days to recover.”To a Xiuzhenist, the pills that can replenish his power are not important, but the pills that can heal his internal injuries are extremely valuable.When a Xiuzhenist’s bodily functions stop working permanently, if he has reached the Dongxu stage, he can abandon his physical body to become a loose immortal, but if he has yet to reach the Dongxu stage, his soul will be destroyed, resulting in his death.“Xiao Yu, you better keep these Bluish Vermilion Pills for yourself. Your master must’ve given them to you so that they can be your lifesavers.” Fengyuzi tells Qin Yu sincerely. Even though they are 10 high-grade holy pills, he is not greedy for them at all.“Yu’er, later you’ll probably meet some dangers on the path of practice so you must bring these Bluish Vermilion Pills along just in case.” Qin De advises Qin Yu while staring at him.Qin Yu does not know what to say. In terms of healing injuries, is there anything that can compare with the Meteoric Tear?It was even able to heal such a mortal wound as a punctured heart. Given its great effectiveness at healing, how can these high-grade holy pills or top-grade holy pills possibly compare with it? Perhaps not even the legendary immortal pills can match its curing ability.“Father, Uncle Feng, please don’t worry about me. I still have some Bluish Vermilion Pills for myself. These 10 pills are for both of you.” Having said so, Qin Yu takes out another jade bottle that is containing 3 other Bluish Vermilion Pills. After he opens the bottle, Qin De and Fengyuzi can smell the faint scent of the Bluish Vermilion Pills so in their hearts they believe him as well.Qin Yu hurriedly says: “Father, this is a token of my regard for you. If you don’t accept these pills, I won’t be able to leave the Qian Long continent without worries.”“Leave the Qian Long continent?!?!?!”Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Qin De all exclaim in shock. For the moment they have forgotten the matter regarding the Bluish Vermilion Pills.“Yes, I’m going to leave the Qian Long continent. Xiao Hei and I have been ready to go on an uncertain journey and to enter the Xiuzhen world.” Qin Yu says resolutely with a nod of his head. He has already thought this decision through carefully. There are simply no goals left for him on the Qian Long continent.So, now the only way to make his life exciting is to go on a journey that is full of dangers and opportunities.Qin De lets out a sigh but he then bursts out laughing: “Yu’er, since you returned from the Wilderness, I’ve noticed that you’ve undergone drastic changes. This time you even killed Xiang Yang. Yes, now you’re only 20 but you’ve already reached such a high level. Brother Feng, with Yu’er’s achievements, he should be considered a genius in the Xiuzhen world, right?”Fengyuzi exclaims with a nod of his head: “Not only is he a genius, it’s hard to meet a person like him even once in 10,000 years.”Qin De says with a nod: “That’s right. He reached such a level at the age 20. The Qian Long continent is no longer challenging enough for him. Yu’er shouldn’t be restricted in such a small place as the Qian Long continent. I should’ve thought of this early on.”“Yu’er, I approve of your decision! A person should live for himself and rush forwards with enthusiasm to reach his own goals. Ha-ha, perhaps several thousand years later, the Qin clan will also be able to have an immortal who can achieve ascension. Yu’er, do you think this will come true?” Qin De says laughingly while looking at Qin Yu.Qin Yu says with a nod: “Yes, father.”Fengyuzi however says laughingly: “Have the both of you really gone mad? Do you think it’s so easy to achieve ascension? In the history of my school, for no one knows how many million years, there have been only 2 seniors who were able to accomplish this feat. Moreover, this is what happened a million years ago.”But Qin De says: “You’re wrong, brother Feng. Have you ever seen anyone else who was able to reach Yu’er’s current level at the age of 20?”Fengyuzi is startled. He then shakes his head: “No, I haven’t.”“That’s right. Yu’er has created such a miracle. Isn’t it only ascension? I totally believe in my son.” Qin De looks at Qin Yu, his eyes full of a fatherly love.Qin Yu also nods resolutely: “I’m very confident about myself too.”Fengyuzi cannot help saying with a forced smile: “You two are really father and son. All right, take your time admiring yourself.”******In the follow-up period of time, the 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng, often chat with each other. Qin Zheng and Qin Feng both know that Qin Yu is going to leave after the enthronement so they make the most of this period of time talking with him a lot.Qin Yu usually practices meditation or spends time with his family to pass this last period of time on the Qian Long continent.……At Fengyuzi’s place of residence,“Uncle Feng, what is this?” Qin Yu looks doubtfully at the slip of jade in his hand.Fengyuzi says with a smile: “Yu’er, this slip of jade contains my school’s sea chart. The ocean is boundless, if you wander about aimlessly, who knows what kinds of places you’ll reach? You might even enter the Devil Islands by mistake and get your jindan or yuanying eaten up by other people, which will be horrible.”“Thank you, Uncle Feng.” Qin Yu of course knows Fengyuzi’s intention when he gives him this sea chart.“Uncle Feng, you just mentioned the Devil Islands or something. Could you tell me about the Overseas Immortal Islands? They seem to be a very complicated place.” Qin Yu has become doubtful.Fengyuzi ponders for a while then says: “I’ll tell you about them carefully. Your Uncle Feng’s school is called Pure Sword School. There is an immortal island called Pure Wind Island over 100,000 li away from the southern border of the Qian Long continent. The island has 2 big schools, one of which is the Pure Sword School.”Qin Yu calmly listens to Fengyuzi.“In fact, the Pure Wind Island is just one of the few ordinary immortal islands that are very close to the Qian Long continent. The farther from the shore an immortal island is, the larger it is and the more powerful its schools become. And no one knows how many millions of li to the south of the Qian Long continent, there is the center of the Overseas Immortal Islands -- the Penglai Immortal Region. Consisting of several hundred huge immortal islands, it has a great number of schools and tens of thousands of Xiuzhen experts …” Fengyuzi slowly explains.“I’m really ashamed that I have never been to this Penglai Immortal Region even though it’s very famous. After all it’s too far while I’m too weak. Heaven knows how long it will take me to fly to that place. Also, there will be many dangers on the way. Perhaps before I can reach it I’ll have already had an accident.” Fengyuzi says with a sigh.An outline of the Overseas Immortal Islands quickly appears in Qin Yu’s mind.In the boundless ocean in the south, there is an immortal island over 100,000 li away from the Qian Long continent. There are also a myriad of islands in other places of the southern ocean. Quite a few of these islands have been occupied by Xiuzhen schools. And the center of the Overseas Immortal Islands -- the Penglai Immortal Region -- is located no one knows how many millions of li to the south of the Qian Long continent.“Uncle Feng, you mentioned the Devil Islands just now. What are they?” Qin Yu asks again.Fengyuzi says smilingly: “The Devil Islands is the name of the islands occupied by Xiumoists, who are different from Xiuxianists. In order to achieve ascension, Xiumoists stop at nothing. They even dare to use vicious methods such as consuming other people’s jindans and yuanyings.”“Consuming jindans and yuanyings?” Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head.Fengyuzi says very indignantly: “That’s right. Xiumoists are so vicious. They kill other Xiuzhenists and consume other people’s jindans and yuanyings to improve their own power. They are real lowlifes.”Hearing this Qin Yu feels deeply ashamed.On the way back from the Wilderness, he and Xiao Hei actually absorbed quite a few jindans. In the battle not long ago, because Xiang Yang’s yuanying self-destructed, Qin Yu even complained that it was such a waste of the yuanying. But it turns out this technique of consuming jindans and yuanyings is widely used by Xiumoists.“In general, Xiuzhen is divided into 3 main types, Xiuxian, Xiumo and Xiuyao. Xiuxian pays attention to quietude and inactivity. Xiumo cares about supreme power. Xiuyao … let’s not talk about Xiuyao for the moment. Xiao Yu, you must remember to run away when encountering Xiumoists. Most of them are very cruel and bloodthirsty. It’ll be terrible if your jindan is eaten up by other people.” Fengyuzi warns.Qin Yu secretly smiles: “Cruel and bloodthirsty? Who knows whose jindan will be eaten up? Plus, I don’t have a jindan.”Qin Yu’s practice method is different from the other methods. He is not Xiuxian, Xiumo or Xiuyao.“In the boundless southern ocean, there are islands occupied by Xiuxian schools but there are also islands occupied by Xiumo schools. Over 100 islands near the Penglai Immortal Region have even formed the center of the Devil Islands -- the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon. It and the Penglai Immortal Region are equally well-known. These 2 powers have struggled against each other very fiercely.” Fengyuzi keeps introducing.Qin Yu has become clear about the Overseas Immortal Islands.“Xiao Yu, you should know that the biggest power in the boundless ocean isn’t Xiuxianists or Xiumoists! It’s not the Penglai Immortal Region or the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.” Fengyuzi’s expression has become serious.Qin Yu is startled.“The biggest power is Xiuyaoists!” Fengyuzi says very affirmatively. “What is the largest thing in the boundless ocean? It’s not the islands, but the waters. There are various kinds of marine demonic beasts in the boundless waters. The deeper you go down into the ocean, the stronger the demonic beasts you’ll encounter!”Qin Yu is astonished in his heart.The ocean is immense but the entire waters are the territory of demonic beasts so Xiuyaoists are indeed the greatest power here.“The water’s pressure increases with its depth. Ordinary Xiuxianists and Xiuyaoists basically can’t withstand the terrifying water pressure after a depth of several to 10 km. But there are some frightening demonic beasts that can live under such high pressures.”“Xiao Yu, remember, demonic beasts in the overseas waters are extremely fearsome. The entire boundless waters are the territory of these demonic beasts. No one knows the location of their headquarters, but both the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the Penglai Immortal Region have confirmed one thing -- demonic beasts are the greatest power.”In fact, Fengyuzi has only heard about these things, but they are what every school in the Overseas Immortal Islands has been emphasizing to its disciples.“In the depths of the ocean, there are many treasures. The deeper it is, the more treasures there are, but the water pressure increases with depth. Not even Xiuyao experts can go deeper than several tens km down into the ocean. No one can imagine how many treasures there actually are at those depths.” Fengyuzi’s eyes glitter.Obviously he is imagining the treasures at the deepest parts of the ocean.“Once I have enough power, I’ll definitely dive deep into the ocean to explore it.” Qin Yu cannot help making a decision.……This nightlong talk has enabled Qin Yu to know a lot about the boundless overseas waters. In the Overseas Immortal Region, there are a great number of Xiuzhenists and Xiumoists, but the demonic beasts underwater outnumber even them.They can kill each other for treasures.The surface area of the Overseas Immortal Islands is enormous. There are even islands as large as the Chu kingdom, but these islands are a common sight in the ocean. And the Penglai Immortal Region is made up of several hundred such islands.It is extremely large, even larger than the whole Qian Long continent.The Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the demonic beasts’ unfathomably mysterious headquarters form the entire overseas Xiuzhen world. And no one knows how many treasures there are in the depths of the ocean.******A half year later, Qin Zheng officially ascends to the throne, abolishing the Chu dynasty and creating the Qin dynasty. He becomes Qin Ming Huang. The Qin clan has discussed a lot about the name of the new dynasty. There were people who thought that it would not be a good idea to reuse the name of the Qin dynasty 1000 years before.In the end Qin De resolved the problem with a few words.“True is false and false is true. In any case, our surname is Qin so it’s appropriate to create the Qin dynasty. Also, since we’ve totally controlled the 12 counties, if the Han dynasty and Ming dynasty want to fight us, let’s see if they have enough power.”Thus the decision to establish the Qin dynasty was made.After taking revenge, Qin De no longer wants to run about. Fengyuzi is basically an idle person too. The both of them therefore continue to practice in peace on the Qian Long continent, leaving all of the Qin dynasty’s important affairs to Qin Zheng.……Qin De, Fengyuzi, Qin Ming Huang Qin Zheng, Qin Feng, and Xu Yuan have gathered in Yan City.“Father, big brother, 2nd brother, Uncle Xu, Uncle Feng, you don’t need to see me off.” Qin Yu says smilingly to the close relatives before him. Xiao Hei is waving his wings on one side, seeming excited because of the journey that will happen very soon.Qin De takes a step forwards and says while looking at Qin Yu: “Yu’er … the Xiuzhen world is very dangerous. Your Uncle Feng couldn’t adapt to that kind of environment so he came to the Qian Long continent. You must be careful and pay a lot of attention to other people, and shouldn’t treat other people with too much sincerity.”Qin De knows his son very well. What he fears the most is that Qin Yu will be too sincere to other people only to get betrayed by them.“Don’t worry, father. I know what I should do.” Qin Yu says with a nod.He then walks up to Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, saying: “Big brother, 2nd brother, please take good care of father for me.” Qin Feng’s and Qin Zheng’s eyes are filled with unwillingness. Even though they knew long ago that this day would come, they still find it very unbearable.“Xiao Yu.”Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu hug each other. The 3 brothers only loosen their embraces after a long time.Qin Yu suddenly takes a deep breath. He continuously steps backwards and says to the others: “Ha-ha, it’s really hard to say goodbye. Farewell, father, big brother, 2nd brother, Uncle Feng, Uncle Xu.” He then turns around abruptly.“Xiao Hei, let’s go!” Qin Yu says loudly. Immediately afterwards, he pierces through the air. While in the sky, he takes a look at his close relatives on the ground. Then, suppressing his attachment, he speeds up, flying south.At the same time, an extremely resounding eagle cry rises. Xiao Hei also soars into the sky with spread wings.A man and an eagle head south directly this way. In only a moment, they have already become 2 black points on the southern horizon.Qin Yu and Xiao Hei’s journey into the Xiuzhen world has finally begun. What will be waiting for them?End of b4c27.End of book 4.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.