B4C19: Decision“Big brother!”Qin Yu suddenly stands up from his seat, his eyes filled with excitement.However, at the moment Qin Feng is far more shocked than Qin Yu. When he knew about Qin Yu’s death, he was in anguish for a long time. He has participated in this war with the intention of seeking revenge for the death of his 3rd brother, but now his 3rd brother is unexpectedly standing in front of him alive.“Xiao Yu …” Qin Feng does not know what to say for the moment.“Feng’er, quickly sit down. You’ll know about what happened to Yu’er in a short while. Don’t look like that. It’s your 3rd brother. He’s really living.” Qin De laughs out loud cheerfully. He has not laughed so happily for a long time.Qin Feng shakes his head hard. It does not matter what happened, as long as his 3rd brother is alive, things are great to him.He immediately sits down as well. The 5 of them encircle the table. Qin De then says: “Yu’er, you can continue with your story in the Wilderness.” Just now Qin Yu only finished talking about how the beam of light had hit and teleported him into the Wilderness. He has not mentioned what happened afterwards yet.Qin Yu says smilingly: “After getting teleported into my master’s house in the Wilderness, I started to practice with no worries. Then I felt that my 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation was coming soon. But … Xiao Hei had to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation even earlier than I did.” He looks at Xiao Hei while smiling.The other 4 people, Qin De, Qin Feng, Fengyuzi and Xu Yuan, all look at Xiao Hei. Their eyes are full of amazement.They all know that Qin Yu took a young eagle in when he was 7 so they of course can figure out how long Xiao Hei has practiced. Generally, demonic beasts with relatively low intelligence have even more difficulties in practice than humans, but Xiao Hei reached the level where he could take on the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation in just 10 years, which is apparently a shocking thing.“Xiao Yu,’ says Fengyuzi in wonderment, “In the past I was unable to decide the type of your black eagle, but now, given that he reached the Jindan stage so fast, it looks like he belongs to a very special type of demonic beast.”Xiao Hei flaps his wings, looking very happy. However, he does not talk to the other people using his holy sense.“Ha-ha, both Xiao Yu and his black eagle are freaks. It already seems awesome that I could reach the late Xiantian level at such a young age, but Xiao Yu has even overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation before turning 20. And it’s the same with Xiao Hei. This man and this eagle are really … freaks, freaks!!!” Qin Feng drinks some wine then says with loud laughs.Qin De also drinks a cup of wine then says to Qin Feng: “Feng’er, your 3rd brother didn’t only overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, now even late Jindan experts are no match for him. Not long ago, when I and Brother Feng detected Yu’er and this black eagle with our holy senses, they were moving over several tenfold faster than I do when riding my flying sword.”Qin Yu practices the Stellar Transformations and his stellar energy goes from the nebula outside his body into the one inside him then goes out again, forming a cycle. As the stellar energy continuously goes through his flesh and bones, it also continuously refines them. Thanks to this, now Qin Yu’s body can rival holy weapons.Without using the flying sword, middle Nebula-stage Qin Yu already surpasses Qin De in flying speed. Once he rides the flying sword, he will be even faster. And if he uses the Body-Weapon Unification technique, going several tenfold faster than Qin De will be nothing unusual.The flying speed of a Xiuzhenist partially reflects his power as well. Because Qin Yu is so fast, Qin De and Fengyuzi also believe in his power.“Father, if you say anymore, I’ll be ashamed to death. Oh my, he can even beat late Jindan experts while I’m just a late Xiantian practitioner. Luckily I’m still his big brother.” Despite saying so, Qin Feng is actually very happy.Xu Yuan on one side says: “All right, all you of stop being modest please. Qin Feng, if you feel ashamed to death despite having reached the late Xiantian level at such a young age, then I, a geezer who hasn’t even reached the Xiantian level, should go home and grieve for myself.”Hearing Xu Yuan say this, all of the people present cannot help laughing out loud.Xu Yuan does not have much talent for martial arts indeed. After so many years, he has yet to reach the Xiantian level.“Alright, continue with your story, Yu’er. What happened to you afterwards in the Wilderness?” Qin De asks smilingly. The others also look at Qin Yu. All of them are very curious about the mysterious Wilderness. Even though Qin Yu only went 100,000 li into the Wilderness and did not reach its depths, no Shangxian have dared to do the same thing before.Qin Yu drinks a cup of wine to loosen up his tongue then says enthusiastically: “Xiao Hei and I then had to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. In fact Xiao Hei’s heavenly tribulation was pretty dangerous, mostly because there were around 1000 Blue Flame wolves in a nearby mountain forest. None of them had reached the Jindan stage but the strongest among them were all at the late Xiantian level. Plus, there were too many of them. Nearly 1000 Blue Flame Wolves unexpectedly attacked us together when Xiao Hei’s tribulation came down.”The other people all stop eating or drinking.Qin Yu and Xiao Hei were ganged up on by nearly 1000 Xiantian level demonic beasts. Moreover, they also know that at that time he had not overcome his tribulation yet and was only a peak Xiantian expert. Even though he is alive and well now, in their minds they are still worried about his situation then.“Big brother, don’t tell them that I have hereditary memories.” Xiao Hei’s voice suddenly rises in Qin Yu’s mind. Qin Yu gives a smile and says via his holy sense: “Don’t worry. I won’t reveal your secret to anyone.”He continues to talk about what happened back then: “Luckily, I had the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves so I went all out. After going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, Xiao Hei became much more powerful and killed quite a few Blue Flame wolves in one breath. Only then did those wolves leave.”Qin De and the others can now let out a sigh of relief. But they know that even though Qin Yu’s description sounds simple, the situation at that time must have been extremely grave. After all, it was nearly 1000 Blue Flame wolves so he must have been beset on all sides by wolves from the beginning.……After a long time, Qin Yu finally finishes talking briefly about his adventure in the Wilderness this time. Of course, he did not mention that his master Lei Wei came from a different universe, nor did he mention some secret techniques such as the Stellar Transformations.“Divine beast Dragon Rocky lion! Divine beast Hong Luan!” Fengyuzi takes a cold breath.Hearing the last part of Qin Yu’s story, the other people can even feel how fearsome these 2 huge divine beasts are through his words alone. Divine beasts are called divine beasts only because of their formidable innate skills. When they have just been born, they are also very weak.However, to Fengyuzi and the others, Yuanying stage divine beasts are absolutely invincible beings.“Oh my, they are at least at the Yuanying stage. Moreover, one was a Dragon Rocky lion, which has exceptionally strong defense, and the other was a Hong Luan, which is similar to the phoenix. Even though these 2 divine beasts are at the Yuanying stage, they can definitely rival Dongxu Xiuzhenists.” As a Xiuzhenist, Fengyuzi also knows about some demonic beasts.Qin De and the others are speechless.Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists?This has gone beyond their imagination. To reach the Dongxu stage from the Yuanying stage, a practitioner has to go through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. There is a huge gap in power between these 2 stages, but a mere early Yuanying Xiang Yang is already invincible in the eyes of Qin De and Fengyuzi.Compared to Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists, Qin De and Fengyuzi are just like babies in front of giants.“Fortunately, fortunately,” Qin De retrospectively fears for his son.Qin Yu says powerlessly: “There was nothing I could do. They were too powerful. Luckily, in the end the Hong Luan appeared and fought the Dragon Rocky lion. Otherwise, perhaps Xiao Hei and I would’ve been eaten by that Dragon Rocky lion. It was … too powerful.”Remembering the situation at that time, Qin Yu still feels an uncomfortable feeling surging inside him.“They’re not only powerful. At any given level of power, a Dragon Rocky lion is even a bit stronger than a dragon in defense. Without a high-grade holy flying sword, not even a Dongxu Xiuzhenist can break that Yuanying Dragon Rocky lion’s defense. And a Yuanying Xiuzhenist, even with a high-grade flying sword, won’t be able to scratch it. As for the Hong Luan, ordinary flying swords will be melted directly by its body-protecting flames even before getting close to it.” Fengyuzi says in an obviously excited manner.All of them then fall silent for a while.To people who are still struggling in the Jindan stage like Fengyuzi, these kinds of divine beasts are things they can only look up to.“All right, these divine beasts won’t leave the Wilderness so we don’t have to worry.” Seeing the other people’s expressions, Fengyuzi says comfortingly. But he then says smilingly with a shake of his head: “No wonder, with so many demonic beasts, no wonder among the Xiuzhenists from the Overseas Immortal Islands, no one has dared to go deep into the Wilderness. They have only dared to skirt around it.”When there are already 2 Yuanying divine beasts in an area that is not deep in the Wilderness, what kinds of beasts are there in its depths?“Go to the depths of the Wilderness? Perhaps not even Dacheng experts dare to do so.” Qin Yu thinks to himself. Thanks to some books and notes left behind by Lei Wei, he knows about the horrors in the depths of the Wilderness. In the past, even Lei Wei, whose power was equivalent to the Dacheng stage, did not dare to advance after getting close to its deepest parts.……After discussing Qin Yu’s journey in the Wilderness, the people present begin to talk about the course of the war. After a long, long time, when everyone has eaten and drunk a lot, a hint of light suddenly appears in the sky. It turns out dawn has broken.But this banquet, which has been going on for a half night, is not finished yet.“This time why did you give us the order to only defend the cities without attacking, father? By now we have taken 11 counties. Once we attack together from 3 sides, it will be as easy as waving a hand to take down Ba Chu County.” Only now does Qin Feng remember what he came here for.As soon as Qin De hears this, he forces a smile.Xu Yuan says: “Qin Feng, you still don’t know that Xiang Yang of the Xiang clan came here yesterday in the daytime.”“Xiang Yang!”“Xiang Yang!”Qin Yu and Qin Feng exclaim almost at the same time. Qin Yu then continues: “Isn’t it the Xiang Yang who was the real 1st emperor and created the Chu dynasty?” Qin Feng also looks at Xu Yuan and Qin De, his heart filled with amazement.“Yes, it’s him.” Qin De says with a nod. “Plus, he has reached the early Yuanying stage.”Qin Yu’s face slightly changes color, but his mind starts to think.Xiang Yang has reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage but when he was still at the early Nebula stage he was able to kill a late Jindan Black Wind leopard, and now that he has taken one step into the middle Nebula stage, in theory he should be able to give Xiang Yang a good fight.However, the difference between the late Jindan stage and the early Yuanying stage does not lie only in raw power, but also in the levels of understanding of the Way of Heaven. It is difficult to make up for the gap in the latter so for the moment Qin Yu also feels uncertain of victory.“If Xiao Hei and I join forces and use our respective special skills, perhaps we’ll be able to succeed.” He calculates in his mind.Qin De continues to say: “Xiang Yang was very insolent. He even absurdly attempted to force us back to the 3 Eastern region counties.” A cold smile appears on his face. “Humph, he’s just one Xiuzhenist but he wants to make me give in through the use of brute force. How is this possible?”Qin Feng stands up, saying: “What’s there to fear? When our armies charge from 3 sides, what will be the use of his individual power?”Qin De says with a deep sigh: “That’s true. He won’t be able to do anything to our large armies. But … he can exterminate the Qin clan.” Hearing this, Qin Feng is speechless. If an early Yuanying expert like him gets angry, it will not be difficult for him to get rid of the entire Qin clan.“Therefore … I had no choice but to compromise. I could only use the armies to threaten him that if he kills a Qin clan member, I’m going to destroy the Xiang clan even if we’re exterminated in the process. Only by doing so was I able to deter this old geezer.” Qin De says with a sigh.Now Qin Feng finally understands his father’s distress.“In the past he could wipe out the Qin clan, but now he can’t.” Qin Yu says in an ice-cold voice.Qin De, Fengyuzi, Qin Feng and Xu Yuan all look at him. They find it somewhat hard to believe that Qin Yu just said those lordly words. However, the fierce air about him at the moment and the coldness in his eyes express his resolution clearly.“Xiao Yu, you’re no match for him!” Fengyuzi coldly criticizes. “Even though you can kill late Jindan experts, the difference between them and early Yuanying experts is too great. This difference can’t be made up with raw power. He has practiced for nearly 1000 years while you’ve practiced for less than 20 years. How can your level of understanding compare with his?”Qin Yu knows what Fengyuzi means, but he says nothing.He does not know what his level is, but he knows one thing, that is, his soul is slowly nourished by the energy of the Meteoric Tear anytime, which means his level seems to always improve.Even though the progress is slow, it never ceases.“Yu’er, don’t worry. We can endure. When you weren’t here, I didn’t know what to do. But after you returned, I’ve come up with a solution. First, you have to refrain yourself. You’ve reached your current level in just 20 years. Given your speed in practice, you should practice for 10 or 20 more years. It won’t be late to get into action when you’re totally certain of winning.” Qin De knows that with his 3rd son’s temperament, once he has made up his mind, there is basically no way to persuade him other than this one.Qin Yu nods but says no more. He does not want to make his father worry.“Xiao Hei, if we join forces, do you think we’ll have a good chance of beating an early Yuanying Xiuzhenist?” He uses holy sense communication.“We didn’t die even when encountering such a divine beast as that Dragon Rocky lion. Big brother, I never thought you’d be frightened by an early Yuanying Xiuzhenist.” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind. Hearing this, Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile.Of course, he has made his decision as well.End of b4c19.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.