B7C16: Location of the 9th jade swordReverend Yan Xu looks like a nice old man but when he says this, he immediately makes the other 5 jump. He has unexpectedly asked to borrow the others’ jade swords, but can these jade swords be lent easily?“Have you gone gaga, Yan Xu? Who among us didn’t have to try every means and risk his life to get a jade sword? But now you absurdly want to borrow our swords all at once. Have you gone bonkers?” Azure Dragon says frowningly.Di Long says in an ice-cold voice: “Reverend Yan Xu, this is a very serious matter. I can’t agree.” Without asking for a reason, he has declined immediately.Yi Da twirls the end of his hair with his fingers and says with a cold laugh: “Reverend Yan Xu, you’d best explain the matter clearly. The jade swords aren’t like the other holy weapons. You secretly obtained the 9th sword, didn’t you? And so you want to borrow our swords then go find the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion alone?”“No, of course that’s not it.”Seeing that everybody’s manner has changed greatly, Reverend Yan Xu immediately says with a smile: “My Penglai Immortal Region hasn’t obtained the 9th sword either. Therefore I want to borrow your swords to find its location.”“Oh?” Qin Yu says frowningly: “Reverend Yan Xu, you mean … you want to gather the other 8 swords to find the location of the 9th sword?” He has heard that if holy weapons are forged together, they are telepathically linked to each other in general. Using some secret technique, it is possible to make a jade sword go find others.“Yes, that’s what I mean.”Reverend Yan Xu hurriedly says: “Nobody knows where this 9th sword is. Because 8 swords have appeared, I think we’d better save time by using these 8 swords to find the location of the last sword.”Qin Yu, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Yi Da and Di Long, who just now did not agree, all become silent.After a while, Qin Yu says smilingly with a nod: “Reverend Yan Xu, since you’ve got this secret searching method, I’ll help you with my limited power. When the time comes, I’m going to lend you my sword once. However … you’d best execute your searching method in my Stellar Tower and don’t run away with the sword.”Right after Qin Yu said so, Azure Dragon also says loudly: “Lending you my jade swords is no problem, but this’ll only be possible when you execute your searching method. Besides, you must do it in the Stellar Tower and in front of everybody. If you attempt to run away with the swords then don’t blame us for joining forces to deal with you.”Reverend Yan Xu does not mind at all and says smilingly: “Please don’t worry, Overlord Azure Dragon. I don’t have a death wish. I’m not even a match for just you, let alone the 5 of you.”“I can guarantee all of you that I’ll execute this method in the Stellar Tower, in the Penglai Park where I’m staying. You can wait until that time to let me use your jade swords a bit.” Reverend Yan Xu tells the other 5.Hearing this, even Di Long, who a moment ago did not agree, ponders for a while then nods his head.“All right, since you’ve all agreed, I’ll tell you in general terms about the process of finding the 9th sword.” Reverend Yan Xu explains.“This secret method of mine can make our 8 swords sense the location of the 9th sword and then fly towards it. We’ll only need to fly after our 8 swords to find the location of the 9th sword.”Azure Dragon, Qin Yu, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Di Long and Yi Da all frown.At first they thought that Reverend Yan Xu would only use their swords for a while but now they know that they will also have to let the swords fly in the direction of the 9th sword. Does this not mean they will have to fly after the swords?“Who knows where the 9th sword is? If it is hidden at the bottom of a certain sea, who knows how many years we’ll need to find it? Only by relying on our 8 swords can we find the 9th sword much more easily.” Reverend Yan Xu persuades.The other 5 are all considering. Qin Yu laughs in his mind: “The 9th jade sword? The most important thing is still the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. With just one jade sword, I already have the right to go into the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. I’m not greedy either, going in for a stroll will do me, so what’s the point of having another sword?”He immediately says loudly in agreement: “Reverend Yan Xu has thought it over for the benefit of everybody. I agree with him in this matter. Otherwise, who knows when we’ll find the 9th sword?”Hearing Qin Yu’s words of approval, Reverend Yan Xu is delighted at once.Now he likes Qin Yu even more because Qin Yu has been the first to agree with his suggestions twice.Yi Da says coldly: “I’ve got no objection to this.”After considering for a long time, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed and Di Long also agree.“Good, I have to return and make preparations. Tomorrow everybody should just go to the Penglai Park directly. When the time comes, I’m going to execute my secret method and we’re going to go find the 9th sword’s location together.” Reverend Yan Xu says with a smile.……The next day, several tens individuals gather in the Penglai Park of the Stellar Tower.The 6 powers have from 2 to 5 members here each. All of them are the cores of the 6 powers. Today’s matter is really too important so they cannot afford to let any mishaps happen.“Hey, Reverend Yan Xu, can you start now? We’re feeling very bored here.” Beside Qin Yu, Hou Fei says impatiently.At the moment, Reverend Yan Xu is sitting with legs crossed motionlessly in midair. He is not setting up formations or doing anything and just keeps sitting this way quietly. Hou Fei really cannot stand watching this anymore so he has spoken out.Reverend Yan Xu opens his eyes, shooting out a brilliant blue light.“Gentlemen, everything is now ready. Please lend me your jade swords first so that I can execute my secret method.” Nobody knows why Reverend Yan Xu was sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed just now, but everybody focus their attention upon hearing these words.A jade sword appears in Reverend Yan Xu’s hand. It is the jade sword of the Penglai Immortal Region.“Everybody, please lend me your jade swords. What’s up? You’re regretting it?” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly. Even though they have reached an agreement, now nobody is willing to be the first to lend him a jade sword.Azure Dragon says solemnly: “Yan Xu, you should know how important these jade swords are to me. Don’t ever try to pull any tricks. If anything unexpected happens then don’t blame me for being merciless. All right, take them.” He reaches out a hand and 2 jade swords shoot out.Reverend Yan Xu reaches out his hand. Those 2 jade swords immediately come into his hand. “Please don’t worry, Azure Dragon. At this time, how could I dare to try any funny stuff?”“I hope you remember your words.” Azure Dragon focuses his entire attention on Reverend Yan Xu.Qin Yu says smilingly: “Reverend Yan Xu, the formation of my Stellar Tower was set up by my uncle personally. It’s the long lost, legendary Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. Once it’s really activated, you’ll have absolutely no way to get out.”After saying so, he throws Reverend Yan Xu his jade sword.Even though he has only briefly introduced the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, he has frightened Reverend Yan Xu.He does not worry in the least that he has offended the others. Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da and the like are all old hands and very cunning. Knowing that he is backed by that super expert, they naturally will not dare to cheat him at will.“Great Heavenly Stellar Formation?” Di Long frowns. “Tower master Qin Yu, to put it nicely, your Stellar Tower is a wonderland, but frankly, it’s also a dead trap. If you want do something to us then …”Di Jian and Di Xu, who have come here with him, also look coldly at Qin Yu. Although they do not dare to take revenge on Qin Yu anymore, they are still hostile to Qin Yu.Old Freak Three-Eyed says with a cold laugh: “Shut your mouth, Di Long. If Qin Yu really wanted to kill you, perhaps you and your remaining brothers would’ve lost your lives on the black rock island that day. Why should he be troubling himself like this?”Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon both know that Uncle Lan is formidable so they treat Qin Yu very well.“Don’t waste time. We better find the 9th sword quickly.” Yi Da shouts.Everybody immediately stops talking and gives Reverend Yan Xu their jade swords one by one.“Qin Yu, what are you doing?” Miss Li’er voice suddenly rises. She smilingly walks up and watches what is going on in front of her. Seeing the 8 jade swords, she slightly closes her eyes for a moment then opens them again. Now her eyes radiate wisdom.“On the Qian Long continent?”Li’er murmurs softly to herself.Hearing her voice, Qin Yu no longer cares about how Reverend Yan Xu executes that secret method. He immediately turns around and walks towards her, saying: “Li’er, what did you just murmur?”“Nothing.” She says with a shake of her head.Qin Yu leads her walking into a pavilion. The 2 of them then sit down. He is simply not worried that Reverend Yan Xu will dare to do something dishonest. After all, when so many experts like Azure Dragon are watching, why should he be worried that Reverend Yan Xu will dare to pull some trick?“What is that Xiuxianist doing, Qin Yu?” Li’er points at Reverend Yan Xu, who is floating in midair.Qin Yu turns his head around to take a look. At the moment, Reverend Yan Xu is being surrounded by the 8 swords, which are shooting out 8 beams of light. They are totally connected to Reverend Yan Xu’s body by these beams of light. Reverend Yan Xu is making various mystical hand signs unceasingly.“He is finding the location of the 9th jade sword.” Qin Yu does not hide this from her.“The 9th jade sword?” Li’er slightly frowns.Qin Yu says smilingly: “There was once an extremely formidable immortal, not a loose immortal, but a real immortal descending to the mortal world from the immortal one. Judging from this, you can tell that this immortal was so powerful.”“If this immortal could descend to the mortal world from the immortal world on their own, they should have been an extremely formidable figure in the immortal world.” Li’er says with a nod.Qin Yu says in agreement: “This immortal left behind a Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. The keys are 9 jade swords. Now we’ve obtained 8 swords and only the last one is still missing. Today this Reverend Yan Xu is using a secret method to sense the location of the 9th sword through these 8 swords.”Li’er says with brightening eyes: “This seems interesting. Qin Yu, when you go search for the 9th sword, can I go with you to have a look?”Qin Yu says frowningly: “You can, but when we go find it, those jade swords will fly very fast. You’re only at the Jindan stage so your flying speed …” He has never seen Miss Li’er real flying speed.“Don’t worry. I’ve got a special magic power and it’s related to speed.” There is a hint of proud on Li’er’s face.“All right, then I want to see how fast a little girl at the Jindan stage like you can be.” Qin Yu says jokingly.Li’er says very confidently: “Fine, you’ll see my speed at that time.”When Qin Yu and Li’er are chatting to each other, large beads of sweat have appeared all over Reverend Yan Xu’s head. Finally, his secret method has been successfully executed. 8 streams of sword energy shoot into the sky. At the same time, Reverend Yan Xu says loudly: “Everybody, my secret method has succeeded. These 8 swords will immediately fly towards the 9th sword. All you have to do is follow them.”“Let’s go, Qin Yu.” Li’er stands up right away.Qin Yu follows her going towards Hou Fei and the crowd.Indeed, after a while, those 8 swords unexpectedly begin fly up. Everybody flies after them on their flying sword without delay.“No need to worry, everyone, I can control the flying speed of these swords. But if you’re too weak and too slow then you should just quit because I’m going to make them fly at the speed of a middle Dongxu stage Xiuxianist.” Reverend Yan Xu says in a loud and clear voice.The speed of a middle Dongxu stage Xiuxianist is not a problem to the 6 major powers. “Zhuang Zhong, you take care everything in the Stellar Tower well, I and 2nd and 3rd masters are going on a trip now.” Qin Yu gives Zhuang Zhong on one side an order.“Yes, tower master.”Zhuang Zhong, however, is secretly happy. When the 3 tower masters have left, he will be the one with the most authority in the Stellar Tower. But he will not dare to revolt either because word has spread that Qin Yu and Hou Fei are so powerful that they have even killed several majesties of the Nine Demons Hall. Moreover, Qin Yu is even supported by that unfathomable Uncle Lan.4 members of the Stellar Tower set out this time, including Qin Yu, Miss Li’er, fun-loving Hou Fei and Hei Yu, who just wants to go with Qin Yu.The Azure Dragon Palace, Blue Water Mansion, Penglai Immortal Region, Nine Demons Hall and Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon all set out with 4 - 5 members each. All of them fly after the 8 swords extremely fast. After getting out of the Stellar Tower, the 8 swords unexpectedly fly north directly.“I never thought it was to the north of the Stellar Tower. This is really a shock.” Azure Dragon laughs out loud.At the moment, the 8 swords are flying side by side, followed by several tens individuals. Except for Li’er, all of them have at least reached the middle Dongxu stage.Qin Yu is flying on his sword. Li’er is flying on the air on one side of him. Even so, she is easily keeping up with the others’ flying speed.“Li’er, your speed …” Qin Yu is dumbfounded.Flying on air is much slower than flying on a sword. However, Jindan stage Li’er is unexpectedly going as fast as Qin Yu and the others with ease flying on the air. No wonder she is so confident.“Didn’t I say earlier that I was very confident in my speed?” Li’er gives a brilliant smile.Hou Fei, who is sitting on his thick black stick on one side, swings his tail and blinks a couple of times, muttering: “Monster, sis Li’er is really a monster. How can you be so fast at the Jindan stage?”Qin Yu cannot help smiling.Everybody keeps flying in a relaxed manner northwards. After a long time, the huge Qian Long continent appears in the distance. Qin Yu’s entire mind becomes slightly excited: “Impossible! It can’t be on the Qian Long continent!”At this very moment, various images flash through his mind.They include the images of him watching the stars at the top of Mount Donglan late at night as a kid, the images of him training hard while being scolded by Master Zhao Yunxing, the images of him practicing external techniques alone, the images of him killing for the first time as assassin Liu Xing, the images of him risking his life against Wu Xing next to a 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, the images of him fighting Xiang Yang to the death …“It’s time I returned and saw father.”When Qin Yu sees this familiar continent, those feelings hidden at the bottom of his hearts begin to surge.The several tens top experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world thus have arrived in the Qian Long continent …End of b7c16.End of book 7.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.