B7C15: 6 big bossesReverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng lead several tens Xiuxianists rushing to the bottom of the ocean. As they go down, their elemental energy automatically pushes water away, creating a passage. In just a while, the Xiuxianists reach the bottom of the ocean and come into the Stellar Ridge, formerly called the Blood-red Ridge.Reverend Yan Xu says indifferently: “Everybody, this place is the Stellar Ridge, a territory of the Stellar Tower. I hope all of you follow some rules. Otherwise, you’ll provoke the Stellar Tower, which will be real bad.”“Don’t worry, Reverend. Of course we’ll remember this carefully.” Most of the other Xiuxianists say in agreement.Reverend Huo Tian takes a look around then says smilingly: “Reverend Di Feng, you see, what I said is right, isn’t it? This Stellar Ridge has at least several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists but its architecture is very vulgar. Do they even know formations?”In the Penglai Immortal Region, the Qingxu Temple is the leader while the Ziyang school and the Lanyang school are second only to it. Because Reverend Yan Xu is extremely powerful, the status of the Qingxu Temple is naturally unshakeable. However, the 2 grand elders of the Ziyang and Lanyang schools hate each other like fire and water.Reverend Di Feng says with an indifferent smile: “Humph, you also know there are several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists here, right? The school with the most disciples in the Penglai Immortal Region got only several tens thousand Xiuxianists and we got barely more than 100,000 in total. None of the current underwater superpowers of Xiuyaoists is much weaker than us, and the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are even a bit more powerful than us. Reverend Huo Tian, taste is not important. Real power is. Besides … I think your taste is not so good.”“Di Feng, what did you say?!” Reverend Huo Tian immediately becomes furious.The precious gown he is wearing was bestowed on him by the headquarters of the Ziyang school on the Teng Long continent. It looks very impressive and is definitely a treasure. He generally wears it on important occasions. However, Reverend Di Feng always says that this gown is too vulgar and low-class.“What else could I say? Do you really think that gown of yours is a treasure …?” Reverend Di Feng gives a disdainful smirk.“Gentlemen, if you want to fight then you should wait until we’ve returned.” Reverend Yan Xu’s voice turns cold. Both Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng give a cold humph immediately and stop talking to each other. The other Xiuxianists do not dare to chime in either. Before long, the Xiuxianists finally see the Stellar Tower in the distance.The moment they see it, they are all dumbfounded. Their faces are full of disbelief.In the distance, that Stellar Tower is radiating sunlight and moonlight. It is very dazzling at the bottom of the ocean, looking so attractive like a bright pearl. Its surging holy energy astonishes all of the Xiuxianists even more.“This is the Stellar Tower?”The Xiuxianists present cannot believe this. In their eyes, Xiuyaoists are barbarians because despite being powerful, they cannot compare with humans in architecture, weapon forging and pill making. However, the Stellar Tower up ahead …The structures around the Stellar Tower are the living quarters for the guards, 30,000 guards. The Penglai Immortal Region has nothing comparable to this.“Who are you, comers?!”A company of 1000 Xiuyaoists in total is watching the outermost area. Its leader is none other than Wu Tong, a former guardian of the Blood-red Cave.“We are guests from the Penglai Immortal Region who come here to congratulate the Stellar Tower in the opening ceremony. Please inform your superiors about us a bit, my fellow Xiuzhenist.” A disciple of the Qingxu Temple immediately takes out an identity card and says.Wu Tong has already noticed that this group does not have a demonic aura. Moreover, he was told long ago that guests from the other 5 major powers would arrive soon so he has been able to guess who they are. As soon as he hears the answer, he says: “Please wait, my fellow Xiuzhenists. I’ll quickly go inform my superiors.”Despite saying so, he curses inwardly: “Xiuxianists are just weird. Isn’t calling each other brothers instead of fellow Xiuzhenists neater?” Afterwards, Wu Tong rushes extremely fast towards the Stellar Tower. In just a while, Qin Yu and Hou Fei bring the 8 guardians out to personally welcome the guests. Hei Yu is the only one in the upper echelons of the Stellar Tower unwilling to come here.“Ha-ha … my fellow Xiuzhenists.”Qin Yu, dressed in a robe and smiling, leads the 8 guardians under him to greet the men from the Penglai Immortal Region.“I am Qin Yu, the 1st master of the Stellar Tower. This is my brother Hou Fei, the 2nd master. And these are the 8 guardians of the Stellar Tower.” He looks at the Xiuxianists in front of him and briefly introduces his side to them.Reverend Yan Xu immediately says with a smile: “So you are tower master Qin Yu. I am Reverend Yan Xu, the grand elder of the Qingxu Temple. This is Reverend Huo Tian of the Ziyang school. This is Reverend Di Feng of the Lanyang school. The others are our fellow Xiuzhenists who have come here with us. There is no need to introduce them one by one.”“Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng.” Qin Yu salutes each of them then says smilingly: “Please follow me.”He and Reverend Yan Xu go side by side. Hou Fei, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng follow them closely. The 8 guardians and the other Xiuxianists go at the back. All of them thus fly straight towards the Stellar Tower in an imposing manner.The nearer they come to the Stellar Tower, the more amazed Reverend Yan Xu and his men are.Is this still a mansion of Xiuyaoists?Perhaps even the best Xiuxianist mansions and lands are far inferior to it.Qin Yu secretly observes the expression of every Xiuxianist and laughs in his mind: “It’s true that Xiuxianists look down on Xiuyaoist dwelling places.”……Inside the Stellar Tower, thanks to the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, clouds and mists are everywhere, and there are various magnificent buildings, walkways and corridors. The whole place looks like a construction of immortals, which stuns all the Xiuxianists.The holy energy here is so dense that it has turned into clouds and mists. This phenomenon also occurs in Xiuxian schools, but the thing is, the holy energy in the entire Stellar Tower is like that. This area is really too large. Moreover, there are also the morning glow, afterglow, starlight, moonlight, sunlight … here.The sunlight, moonlight and starlight produced by the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation astonish the Xiuxianists present even more.“My fellow Xiuzhenists, this place is called the Penglai Park. It is specially built to entertain you. Please come in and stay here. Should you need something, feel free to order those ladies-in-waiting as you please.” Qin Yu says smilingly.However, the Xiuxianists have been shocked too much by the things they saw on the way, so they have not wakened up yet when he suddenly says this.“My fellow Xiuzhenists, could it be … you are not satisfied with this place?” Qin Yu asks again.“Ah, that’s not it.” Reverend Yan Xu’s eyes are filled with joy. “I have never seen such a wondrous place as this. Why would I be dissatisfied when it is a real delight to be able to enjoy such a magnificent place as the Stellar Tower?”Reverend Di Feng also says smilingly: “Mr. Qin Yu, the wonderfulness of the Stellar Tower’s architecture has gone beyond our imaginations.” He suddenly looks at Reverend Huo Ting and says teasingly: “Reverend Huo Tian, didn’t you say this Stellar Tower …”“Di Feng.”Reverend Huo Tian says hurriedly. If Reverend Di Feng really says it out, he will lose a lot of face. Even though he is a haughty man, he cannot help admitting that this Stellar Tower has really exceeded his expectations. If compared to the Stellar Tower, the architecture of his own school will be low-class instead.Reverend Di Feng gives a smile and stops talking.……The guests from the Azure Dragon Palace had already arrived long before the delegation of the Penglai Immortal Region came to this place. As time goes by, the representatives of the Blue Water Mansion, the Nine Demons Hall and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon also arrive within a half month. Now the representatives of the other 5 major powers are all here.Normal caves are not eligible to attend the opening ceremony of the Stellar Tower. Only the other 5 major powers can come and congratulate the Stellar Tower on this.A few days later, on the opening day,In the Sun Moon Hall of the Stellar Tower,The area of this hall is extremely large. Several tens banqueting tables have been arranged in the hall. The guests from the other 5 major powers are all astonished because there are countless brilliant stars above their heads. Many beautiful ladies-in-waiting then bring out one delicacy after another. The experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world are all very happy.There are some distances between the innermost table and the others.This table has only 6 individuals, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da, Qin Yu and Di Long. These are absolutely the no. 1 figures of the 6 powers. Hou Fei, Hei Yu, Di Jian, Teng Shan, Lou Ke, Reverend Di Feng, Reverend Huo Ting, Situ Xue and the like all sit at another table.“Today is the opening of brother Qin Yu’s tower. Let’s drink a toast to tower master Qin Yu, everybody.” Azure Dragon is the first to raise a goblet.Immediately, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da and Di Long also raise their goblets to congratulate Qin Yu, who raises his goblet and responds modestly. Afterwards, the 6 of them drink up the goblets in one gulp and begin to discuss enthusiastically with each other. They mostly talk about some unimportant matters.These 6 can be considered the 6 big bosses of the overseas Xiuzhen world and can totally represent the overseas Xiuzhen world. Perhaps an ordinary man would not be able to imagine that such 6 important figures are only talking about some scandals and funny stories together.“Brother Qin Yu, let me ask you a question. If you can answer correctly, I’ll give you 3 holy weapons. What do you think?” Azure Dragon, slightly drunk, says smilingly to Qin Yu.Now Qin Yu is no longer as ceremonious as he was in the beginning: “3 pieces? Alright, at that time don’t go back on your words. Now feel free to ask me.”Azure Dragon gives a ha-ha laugh then says: “You should already know Yi Da’s nickname, right? Purple-haired Dungeon King! Do you know why he got it?”Qin Yu takes a look at this Purple-haired Dungeon King Yi Da then immediately says: “Brother Yi Da is the no. 1 man of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon so naturally he’s called Dungeon King. And he’s got purple hair so he’s called Purple-haired Dungeon King. Am I wrong?”“Wrong!”Azure Dragon shouts at once. Afterwards, he laughs out loud complacently: “I knew you would guess wrong.”Yi Da slowly puts his goblet down and raises his droopy pupils, looking at Azure Dragon. The purple light in his pupils makes him look very strange: “Azure Dragon, I’ve noticed that you always talk about me. In the opening of the Nine Demons Hall that day, you also talked about me, right?”Reverend Yan Xu says with a warm smile on his face: “Don’t argue with Azure Dragon, Yi Da. It’s not like you don’t know his character either.”“Overlord Azure Dragon, you haven’t told me why brother Yi Da got the nickname Purple-haired Dungeon King.” Qin Yu immediately presses.However, Old Freak Three-Eyed says: “I’ll tell you. In the past, Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue fought each other to become the no. 1 Xiumoist in the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon. Yi Da got no school, no faction and no backing but he captured Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue then put them in jail for 3 whole years. He didn’t talk to them either. Only after 3 years did he ask them if they accepted him as the top man of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.”Qin Yu is startled.Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says: “This Yi Da fella’s got a strange habit. After capturing someone, he’ll seal up the opponent’s power and put them in jail for a several years before talking to them. It’s only because he likes to lock people up that some experts called him Dungeon King.”Yi Da drinks a goblet then says grimly: “I hate talking nonsense with other people the most so I sealed up their power and locked them up for 3 years. Loneliness alone could make them go mad. After 3 years, if they hadn’t agreed to do what I told them, I would’ve locked them up for 10 or 20 more years.”Qin Yu is astounded.After their power is sealed up, the opponent will not even be able to do closed-door training. To be locked up all the time with nobody to talk to is really a painful experience.“Before Yi Da, the no. 1 experts of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon were called Devil King. He’s the only one who is called Dungeon King.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says smilingly. There is a note of praise in his words. It is very clear that he approves of Yi Da’s actions a lot.Di Long, however, is drinking in low sprits on one side.Originally there were 9 brothers in the Nine Demons Hall but 5 are already dead. The Nine Demons Hall has suffered a huge loss of power so naturally its status has declined in the eyes of the other powers.These bosses keep discussing each other’s affairs at will. After a long time, Reverend Yan Xu suddenly waves his hands. His elemental energy surges forth and forms a restrictive spell around them. The other 5 look at him doubtfully right away.Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly: “Everybody, I cast this spell because I have something important to discuss with you a bit.”“Say, what’s the matter that you want to keep it secret like this?” Azure Dragon says with a smile.Yi Da gives Reverend Yan Xu a cold look. The others say nothing and quietly wait for Reverend Yan Xu to talk.He says smilingly: “Everybody here represents all the powers of the overseas Xiuzhen world. Now I want to discuss a matter related to the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion with you.”Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Yi Da, Qin Yu and Di Long immediately put their cups down and begin to listen to him attentively.Reverend Yan Xu looks at Qin Yu: “Tower master Qin Yu, the 8th jade sword is in your hands, isn’t it?”Qin Yu feels doubtful. What does Reverend Yan Xu want to talk about? He suddenly remembers what Azure Dragon told him when the delegation of the Azure Dragon Palace first arrived in the Stellar Tower: “Brother Qin Yu, the legendary 9 Swords have 9 swords altogether. And the Penglai Immortal Region is the power that wants to have another sword the most. The Penglai Immortal Region has many schools and 3 major schools but they’ve got only 1 sword so it’s a little hard for them to allocate it.”“Yes, it is. I wonder why you asked me about this.” Qin Yu has put his mind on alert.Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “As far as I know, my Penglai Immortal Region has the 1st jade sword, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon has the 3rd and 5th swords, the Azure Dragon Palace has the 4th and 7th swords, the Blue Water Mansion has the 2nd sword, the Nine Demons Hall has the 6th sword and the Stellar Tower has the 8th sword. Am I right, everybody?”The leaders of the other 5 powers nod.“Therefore I hope all of you let me borrow your jade swords to use a bit!” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.End of b7c15.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.