B7C5: Breaking the formationDi Long and his 4 brothers have been attacking Hou Fei like crazy but they cannot help stopping temporarily when Overlord Azure Dragon arrives.“Greetings, Overlord Azure Dragon.”The 5 Di brothers only slightly fold their hands in salute. After all, they are the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties and the Nine Demons Hall is also known as one of the three underwater superpowers like the Azure Dragon Palace. It is just that Overlord Azure Dragon is too powerful.The Nine Demons Hall’s 90 million li radius territory has over a million Xiuyaoists in total. Both the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion, however, are more powerful than the Nine Demons Hall. Their respective territories are over 100 million li in radius and they have a lot more Xiuyaoists under them too.“Di Long, Teng Shan told me that you were trying to kill a bloke called Qin Yu. Why are you trying to kill a monkey now? Besides, why are the 5 of you even joining forces?” Overlord Azure Dragon asks frankly with a faint smile on his face.Di Long knows clearly that Overlord Azure Dragon generally treats others fairly well but when he gets angry, he will go wild and become merciless.“Overlord, this monkey is Qin Yu’s brother and called Hou Fei. Just now, when the 5 of us were trying to kill Qin Yu in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, he unexpectedly took advantage of the situation and killed our 5th and 7th brothers. If we don’t avenge their deaths, we won’t be able to die with eyes closed.”Di Long’s face is filled with killing intent, as are his words. Behind him, his 4 brothers are also boiling with killing intent. 2 of their brothers were killed in quick succession not long ago so all of them want to kill Hou Fei as soon as possible.“Hou Fei.”Overlord Azure Dragon gives Hou Fei a look and is suddenly astounded: “Oh, he’s merely at the late Yuanying stage but you haven’t been able to kill him for so long despite joining forces. Looks like Hou Fei is also a divine beast. How extraordinary, extraordinary!”A late Yuanying stage Xiuyaoist that can survive the onslaught of a late Dongxu stage Di Long and his brothers for so long is almost certainly a divine beast.Di Long frowns. But Di Jian beside him says: “Overlord Azure Dragon, this Hou Fei bloke killed my 5th and 7th brothers so either we or he must die. You’ve come here to obstruct us, haven’t you?” Di Jian’s eyes are ice-cold.In the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, a glimmer of hope appears in Qin Yu’s heart when he hears this.“Ha-ha … if you want to kill him then you kill him. What does this have to do with me?”With a wave of his large sleeve, Overlord Azure Dragon immediately flies into the sky of the black rock island. A cloud then appears under his feet. Standing on the cloud, he looks down as if watching a play. Teng Shan and his subordinates hurriedly fly to his back and stand there respectfully.“Kaka ~~~ little worms, don’t even dream about killing me!”Hou Fei laughs strangely. His face is full of fierceness. He then brandishes his black stick, smashing it at Di Yang’s head.The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers now spring into action violently and charge at Hou Fei right away. Since Overlord Azure Dragon has said that he will not hinder them in their efforts to kill Hou Fei, he definitely will not hinder them. No longer having to worry about him, the 5 Di brothers naturally resume their attack.In the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation,Qin Yu can see that members of the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are all looking on while Hou Fei is being surrounded and attacked by the 5 Di brothers. Moreover, he can see that Hou Fei is obviously losing ground so he becomes anxious.“Screech ~~” A sharp noise that sounds like an owl’s cry suddenly resounds through an area of several thousand li in radius around the black rock island. Lou Ke and his subordinates are immediately delighted.The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers have no choice but to pause again.A green-clad boy then appears out of thin air. This boy is bizarrely handsome and has very long green hair, so long that it touches his hips. When his hair flutters, it gives a strange feeling. The strangest thing about this green-clad boy is that there is a vertical line between his eyebrows.“Grand Founder.”Lou Ke and the Xiuyaoists from the Blue Water Mansion hurriedly bow and say.“Overlord Azure Dragon came and now Old Freak Three-Eyed has also come.” Qin Yu is slightly shocked.All of a sudden --“Ha-ha … Three-Eyed, you’re a divine toad at any rate, only after going through the 9-From-9th Heavenly Tribulation can you totally transform into a human. Since you’ve only gone through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, you can take a half-human form at best. But you care too much about appearance so you’re even using an illusion to fool yourself and others.”Overlord Azure Dragon laughs out loud and reveals the truth about Old Freak Three-Eyed directly.Qin Yu, however, is astonished.“This Old Freak Three-Eyed is really formidable. I can’t tell if he’s using an illusion at all.” He thinks that Overlord Azure Dragon is the only one at the scene who can see through Old Freak Three-Eyed’s illusion technique.Old Freak Three-Eyed’s true form is a Three-Blue-Eyed toad.A toad is ugly but Three-Eyed loves beauty very much so he is unhappy with his ugly appearance. Therefore, he learned an illusion technique and started to make himself look like a handsome boy.“Azure Dragon!”Old Freak Three-Eyed becomes furious. His long green hair flies straight up at once. “You ugly beast, you always go around with your dragon head. Do you think it’s very impressive and handsome?” He scolds immediately.Overlord Azure Dragon bursts into laughter, paying no attention to what he said, and says with a complacent look.“At least it’s more handsome than your toad head.”Old Freak Three-Eyed is so angry that his body trembles. He is fond of beauty but toads are very ugly so he exceptionally hates being called a toad. However, it is Overlord Azure Dragon, an early Kongming stage divine beast, who called him so this time!“Azure Dragon, last time you snatched my jade sword and I haven’t settled this score. This time you’ve even insulted me. Good, let’s have another fight.”He is so furious that he starts a fight!With his green hair flapping, Old Freak Three-Eyed arrives at the face of Overlord Azure Dragon in an instant and takes a claw swipe. His speed is faster than Qin Yu’s quite a lot.“I snatched your jade sword? Bullshit! Last time that sword was owner-free at first. You had a fight with me and in the end I obtained the jade sword. How can you say I snatched yours?” Overlord Azure Dragon roars angrily and begins to fight as well.Everybody present is dumbstruck.This Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon met each other not long ago but they have already started to fight.Boom!Various streams of energy hit different places, causing explosions. Many places on the whole black rock island are blown up. This fight between Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon is simply devastating. Everyone else carefully shuns them for fear of suffering accidental damage.The 5 Di brothers are no longer able to attack Hou Fei as freely as they were just now either because Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon are too fast.These 2 super experts are much faster than even Qin Yu. They can be several hundred li away at one moment, but in just a while, they can have already come to the side of Di Long or anybody else. In this situation, how can the Di brothers focus their entire attention on fighting Hou Fei? If they are careless, they will probably be hit and seriously injured by Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed.As the 2 of them fight each other, their energy bombards every place.The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation is certainly hit by their energy as well. However, those energy streams are only the residual energy of the exchanges between Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed whereas this large formation was set up by 7 majesties so it is not possible for those energy streams to breach the formation.“Don’t flaunt your power, Fei Fei. You quickly leave here first.”Qin Yu immediately tells Hou Fei through holy sense communication.At the moment, Hou Fei and the 5 Di brothers have no intention of fighting as fiercely as they did moments ago either so Hou Fei is naturally very relaxed. Moreover, he can run away anytime. Given his speed, the Di brothers will have difficulty chasing him.“Don’t worry, big brother! Just now I was injured only because I was careless. Besides, I still haven’t used my true power. I haven’t entered berserk mode.” Hou Fei is not worried at all.Qin Yu’s heart is immediately eased.If one cares too much about something, their mind will be clouded. Seeing Hou Fei wounded, Qin Yu unexpectedly forgot that Hou Fei could still go into berserk mode, which would greatly improve his power right away.But at this moment --“Three-Eyed, you freak, so you want to fight for real?”Overlord Azure Dragon roars angrily. Just now Old Freak Three-Eyed’s hands scratched his clothes, which has naturally angered him. A dazzling golden long spear then appears in his right hand out of thin air.Holding this golden long spear, Overlord Azure Dragon immediately gains the upper hand over Old Freak Three-Eyed.Qin Yu’s heart trembles with shock as he watches. Unlike experts on the Qian Long continent, Overlord Azure Dragon uses purely speed and power instead of finesse. Various spear silhouettes shoot out from his hands and each of them is more powerful than even Qin Yu’s strongest attack.“Take this, Azure Dragon!”The sharp voice of Old Freak Three-Eyed, who is at a total disadvantage, suddenly rises. At the same time, that vertical line between his eyebrows opens, revealing an eye. A dark green light then shoots out from it in a straight line.“You want to go all out!?”Overlord Azure Dragon shouts in shock and hurriedly dodges. But that dark green light is too fast so it still pierces through his imperial robe.“Three-Eyed, if you use that eye of yours, don’t blame me for getting serious.” Overlord Azure Dragon’s hands brighten. In the blink of an eye, they turn into black dragon claws, emitting an ice-cold metallic glow. But the rest of his arms are covered in azure dragon scales.The attacks of Old Freak Three-Eyed’s 3rd eye are extremely swift and fierce so Overlord Azure Dragon only dares to ward them off with his most powerful weapons, the dragon claws. Not even his protective scaly armor can withstand this dark green shaft of light.Old Freak Three-Eyed has become ruthless. Another dark green shaft of light shoots out.Overlord Azure Dragon takes a look at the position of everybody at the scene. A faint cunning smile suddenly appears on his face. Without using his dragon claws to block the attack, he immediately dodges to one side. Because of his evasion, this dark green light unexpectedly shoots at Di Long.Di Long’s face changes color. Simply having no time to curse, he tries his best to dodge.But how can it possibly be easy to evade this attack by Old Freak Three-Eyed?“Growl ~~~”Di Long lets out a mad growl and transforms into an over 100 m long Purple Demon aquatic dragon instantly. That dark green shaft of light pierces through Di Long’s body like shooting through a sheet of paper to enter the ocean then vanishes.Di Long switches back to his human form right away.“Why did you hurt me, Grand Founder Three-Eyed?” He is furious. Now a very small wound has appeared on his stomach. Despite its size, he cannot stop it from bleeding.“Di Long, if I had really wanted to hurt you, how could you still be alive?”Old Freak Three-Eyed’s voice rises. But he is still fighting Overlord Azure Dragon extremely fast. One dark green shaft of light shoots out after another. Everybody at the scene dodges in terror because nobody dares to block such attacks.Di Long understands.If Old Freak Three-Eyed had really wanted to kill him, that dark green light shaft would have exploded after going into his body and he would have definitely died. However, Old Freak Three-Eyed did not detonate that dark green light in his body. Convinced by this point, Di Long immediately stops talking.Whizz!Another dark green light shaft shoots out. But it unexpectedly hits the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation squarely.Poof!Even though the shaft of light is hindered a bit, it still destroys the formation. Afterwards, having lost most of its energy, the light shaft pierces into the surface of the black rock island and disappears.The formation has been destroyed!The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation has been destroyed!Qin Yu is dumbfounded. The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers are dumbfounded. And Hou Fei is also dumbfounded.The 3rd eye’s attacks are Old Freak Three-Eyed’s most powerful attacks. Not even Overlord Azure Dragon dares to block them lightly. Therefore, despite its extremely powerful defense, the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation was still broken by that shaft of light.“Grand Founder Three-Eyed, you …”Di Long points at Old Freak Three-Eyed. He is so angry that his body trembles and he cannot even finish that sentence.He and his brothers had to join forces and take advantage of Qin Yu’s inattention to set up the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. Now Di Luan and Di Feng are already dead so they can no longer set it up even if they want. Given Qin Yu’s speed, how can they still confine Qin Yu?“Three-Eyed, you’re really outrageous. It took Di Long and his brothers a lot of effort to set up this large formation but you destroyed it just like that.” Overlord Azure Dragon also points at Old Freak Three-Eyed.Old Freak Three-Eyed glares at Di Long angrily with his three eyes.“Di Long, why didn’t you set it up elsewhere instead of at the place where I and Azure Dragon fight each other?” He says with a cold humph. The fierceness in his eyes makes the Di brothers’ hearts skip a beat. They no longer dare to say anything else despite being extremely furious inwardly.“Let’s stop fighting, Three-Eyed. If you want to fight, let’s wait until Di Long and his brothers have handled their business.” Azure Dragon says as if he is someone nice.Old Freak Three-Eyed utters a cold humph then flies in front of Lou Ke and his subordinates and stops talking. Obviously he has accepted Azure Dragon’s suggestion. Thus, Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed stop fighting after the destruction of the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation!The 5 Di brothers are so angry that they do not know what to say. However, they do not notice that there is a hint of amusement deep in the eyes of Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed.“Your acting was pretty good, Three-Eyed.”“Yours wasn’t bad either. But later don’t ever call me toad this toad that or I’m going to fight you for real.”Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed talk to each other via holy sense communication. Nobody can hear what they say.End of b7c5.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.