B7C12: The Teng Long continentNow Qin Yu secretly lets out a sigh of relief, but when he sees Hou Fei look like that, he cannot help bursting into laughter.“Fei Fei, aren’t you very brave? Just now I only showed one of my magic powers, you still want to experience the others, don’t you? That technique is just an appetizer. The ones coming after it are absolutely more formidable.” Uncle Lan says with a serious expression but his eyes are full of amusement.Hou Fei, who is feeling dizzy in his head and weak in his limbs, immediately stands up firmly, shakes his head hard and looks at Uncle Lan, saying: “Master, I already know that you’ve got tremendous magic powers. There’s nothing but admiration for you in my heart. Your magic powers are really too excellent so please spare me.”Hou Fei looks pitiably at Uncle Lan with his fiery eyes.“All right.” Uncle Lan says smilingly. “Let’s stop this for the moment. You have to practice properly for me. Later you certainly can also perform this kind of skill.”Now Qin Yu is still thinking about what happened a moment ago. When Uncle Lan was executing that Wind-controlling Art, the terrifying power of that whirlwind did not affect him, who was just 10-odd m away from it. This kind of energy-controlling technique is really outstanding.Moreover, that whirlwind was so powerful that it tore space apart, but it did not cause Hou Fei, who was being surrounded by it, any injuries at all.Also, after the spatial collapse, still enfolding Hou Fei, that whirlwind went into the spatial rift completely, but nothing happened to it and in the end it came out safely. This kind of magic power is really superior to that so-called spatial rift.“Why are you stupefied, Xiao Yu? It’s time you two went back to the cave.” Uncle Lan smilingly removes the restrictive spell around them.Qin Yu immediately says: “Uncle Lan, why don’t you go into the Blood-red Cave with me to have a rest? There are still many things I want to ask you about.” Hou Fei hurriedly says: “That’s right, master. You have never visited the Blood-red Cave before. I’ll take you on a sightseeing tour.”Unable to dissuade Qin Yu and Hou Fei, Uncle Lan has no choice but to say: “All right, let’s go have a rest first.”Right afterwards, the 3 of them enter the Blood-red Cave. As soon as Qin Yu and Hou Fei return, the entire Blood-red Cave becomes effervescent. Since he was taken away by 3 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall, those guardians have all been worried about whether he would be killed or not.Seeing Qin Yu and Hou Fei return, Hei Yu is very excited. For the past year, he has been worrying about Qin Yu and been itching to immediately go to the Nine Demons Hall. However, because of Qin Yu’s strict order, he has had to be in charge in the Blood-red Cave.Upon Qin Yu’s return this time, the Blood-red Cave holds a great feast for everybody and celebrates fervently. The 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu, also drink for a day and night. Uncle Lan, however, stays in his own place and does not go to the party.After several days, the former tranquility is restored in the Blood-red Cave.In the hall of a storied building in the northern part of the Blood-red Cave, Qin Yu and Uncle Lan are talking to each other while enjoying tea.“Uncle Lan, last time that Azure Dragon mentioned the dragon clan and I also heard you mention the Chaotic Astral Ocean or something. Could you tell me about them a bit? I really feel very doubtful.” Qin Yu puts his cup down and looks at Uncle Lan, waiting for an answer.Hearing his question, Uncle Lan immediately laughs.“I knew you would definitely ask about this. All right, I’ll explain it to you carefully.” He also puts his cup down then arranges his thoughts a bit and slowly says: “Xiao Yu, do you know how large this ocean is?”Qin Yu frowns then says: “The ocean south of the Qian Long continent is almost limitless. Hundreds of millions of li off the coast, there are the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.”“How about going south farther?” Uncle Lan asks again.Qin Yu is startled. Afterwards, he shakes his head to show that he does not know the answer.In fact, he has only heard about the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon from others and has never been there. Nobody knows how far they actually are. The so-called hundreds of millions of li is merely an imaginary figure. But Qin Yu knows that they must be more than 100 million li away.Uncle Lan says with a nod: “The Qian Long continent and the area within several hundred million li of it in the south are a world where mortals and Xiuzhenists coexist. However, if you go southwards to reach the furthest boundary of this ocean, you’ll see the Chaotic Astral Ocean.”“Chaotic Astral Ocean?” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.Uncle Lan says with a nod: “Yes, the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It’s different from normal oceans. There’s an invisible barrier separating the Chaotic Astral Ocean from normal oceans. This is not a barrier in its narrow sense, but a rule of nature!”“A rule of nature?” Qin Yu is startled.Uncle Lan nods and says: “Yes, if a Xiuzhenist goes south from the Qian Long continent, after flying several hundred million li, he’ll reach the boundary of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. He’ll see that this ocean has sky-high waves and its holy energy is extremely chaotic.”“The Chaotic Astral Ocean is exceptionally vast. Based on what I know, with your current speed, it will take you a hundred years to go through it.” Uncle Lan says smilingly.However, Qin Yu is astonished.His current speed allows him to cover a million li in a day so he can go 300 million li in a year. But Uncle Lan said it would take him 100 years, so does that not mean the distance across the Chaotic Astral Ocean is several tens billion li?“It’s very rare to see such a large planet.” Uncle Lan exclaims.Qin Yu is startled.“Uncle Lan, what did you say just now?” Qin Yu hurriedly asks. Ordinary Xiuzhenists may not know the concept of planets but Qin Yu knows from what he read in Lei Mountain House that there are countless planets in the universe. And the planet where he lives is a rare, extremely large one.Uncle Lan says with a smile: “Let’s continue with the subject just now. If you spend 100 years, you can travel such a long distance, but after going into the Chaotic Astral Ocean, perhaps you’ll lose your little life within a day.”“Why is that?”Qin Yu asks with amazement.“It’s because the Chaotic Astral Ocean is highly dangerous, frighteningly dangerous. Even Dujie stage experts don’t dare to go through it. Only Dacheng stage experts and some formidable loose immortals dare to go through this ocean at will.” Uncle Lan says positively.In Qin Yu’s opinion, no matter how large an ocean is, he can cross it as long as he has enough time.After all, tsunamis and hurricanes are not a big threat to Xiuzhenists of his caliber. However, according to what Uncle Lan said, this Chaotic Astral Ocean is not as simple as normal oceans at all.Uncle Lan says smilingly: “Let’s not talk about the things in the Chaotic Astral Ocean for the moment. You don’t need to know about them now either. After going through this ocean, you’ll see a calm ocean, very similar to our ocean here.”Qin Yu listens attentively.“That ocean is quite a lot larger than ours. Going through that ocean, you’ll see a huge continent which is hundreds or thousands of times larger than the Qian Long continent. It’s called the Teng Long continent.” Uncle Lan finally mentions the Teng Long continent after talking for a long time.Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.So, the Teng Long continent and the Qian Long continent are separated by 2 calms oceans and the highly dangerous Chaotic Astral Ocean. The distance between the 2 continents is really too long.“The Qian Long continent is a continent of mortals. Everything here is controlled by mortals. But the Teng Long continent is the opposite. It’s a continent of Xiuzhenists. There are so many Xiuzhenists there that they are counted by the hundred million.” Uncle Lan praises.Qin Yu is not surprised.After all, this overseas Xiuzhen world already has several million underwater Xiuyaoists in addition to Xiuxianists and Xiumoists. Even though it has fewer than 10 million Xiuzhenists, it must have from 7 million to 8 million Xiuzhenists.That Teng Long continent is obviously a center for Xiuzhenists so it is normal that there are even more Xiuzhenists over there.Uncle Lan takes a sip of tea and says: “The Qian Long continent and this ocean are called the Northern Territory. The Teng Long continent and that calm ocean north of it are called the Southern Territory. The Chaotic Astral Ocean is in the middle.”Qin Yu nods. Now he has gained a rough understanding of the situation.“Right, Uncle Lan, according to what you said, the Teng Long continent is very far from here, then how can those experts like Azure Dragon establish connections with that continent?” He asks doubtfully.Uncle Lan says: “In the south, there’s an island south of the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and near the Chaotic Astral Ocean. There’s an ancient teleport formation on it. This teleport formation can send Xiuzhenists from this side to the Teng Long continent directly without going through the Chaotic Astral Ocean.”“Ancient teleport formation?” Qin Yu slightly ponders.Uncle Lan continues: “Nobody knows when this ancient teleport formation came into existence, but its teleporting process is very dangerous. Only those with the power of the Kongming stage or above can go through it safely. Those who are weaker than a Kongming stage Xiuxianist will most likely die in the process.”“Kongming stage?”Qin Yu suddenly understands. No wonder there are so few experts who have surpassed the Kongming stage in this overseas Xiuzhen world. According to his understanding, even though it does not have many Xiuzhenists, it should have Dujie stage experts now thanks to its long-time accumulation.However, at present, a mere early Kongming stage divine beast azure dragon is acknowledged as the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world. It turns out the few top experts have already gone to the Teng Long continent through that teleport formation. No wonder this situation has arisen.“Xiao Yu.”Uncle Lan’s expression suddenly becomes serious. Qin Yu listens to him carefully at once.“You must remember one thing. Never go into the Chaotic Astral Ocean out of curiosity before you’re at least as powerful as a Dujie stage Xiuxianist.” Knowing the terrors of the Chaotic Astral Ocean very well, Uncle Lan naturally has to warn Qin Yu.Qin Yu nods, but asks doubtfully: “Uncle Lan, what are the dangers of the Chaotic Astral Ocean actually?”Uncle Lan says with a smile: “I’m going to tell you, Xiao Yu. In terms of numbers of experts, danger levels and so on, the Northern Territory is at level 1, the Southern Territory, including the Teng Long continent, is at level 3 and the Chaotic Astral Ocean is at level 10!”Level 1, level 3 and level 10.They enable Qin Yu to understand very clearly how dangerous the Chaotic Astral Ocean is.“Why is the Chaotic Astral Ocean so dangerous?” He is really curious to know why this ocean is so dangerous.Uncle Lan finally answers him.“The Chaotic Astral Ocean has a lot of hurricanes and billows, but they aren’t a threat to Xiuzhenists. The real danger comes from 2 sources. Firstly, there are countless terrifying ferobeasts in the Chaotic Astral Ocean!” Uncle Lan’s face becomes very serious.“Ferobeasts?” Qin Yu is startled.Uncle Lan says with a nod: “Yes, ferobeasts! Xiao Yu, these ferobeasts are different from demonic beasts. Demonic beasts can transform into humans and become intelligent, which makes them not much different from humans. But ferobeasts are the opposite. Their intelligence is extremely low. They basically don’t take human forms and are terrifyingly bloodthirsty. Ordinary ferobeasts are as strong as Purple Demon aquatic dragons and the formidable ones can even match divine beasts.”Qin Yu is frightened.They are ferocious and bloodthirsty. Moreover, the ordinary ones among them are comparable to Purple Demon aquatic dragons and the formidable ones can rival divine beasts.Do these ferobeasts not exist just to kill?“The rules of nature are profound and mysterious so there are all kinds of strange things and nothing is impossible. The 1st main danger in the Chaotic Astral Ocean is none other than these ferobeasts. Generally, a Xiuzhenist who tries to go across this ocean will be attacked by them.” Uncle Lan says with a sigh.Qin Yu asks without delay: “Uncle Lan, you said there are 2 main dangers, then what is the 2nd one?”Uncle Lan takes a sip of tea then says smilingly: “The Xiuzhen worlds in both the Northern Territory and the Southern Territory have existed for more than a million years. This is such a long period of time so naturally very many experts have taken on tribulations. Those who have failed have either got their souls destroyed or become loose immortals. There are loose immortals on the Teng Long continent, but most loose immortals stay in the Chaotic Astral Ocean!”“Ah!”Qin Yu is astonished.“The Chaotic Astral Ocean is very dangerous but the neidans of those ferobeasts are also treasures to loose immortals. I forgot to tell you that, unlike demonic beasts, ferobeasts cultivate neidans. Even after reaching the Dacheng stage, they still cultivate neidans.” Uncle Lan explains.At first Qin Yu thought that ferobeasts were demonic beasts which had gone crazy, but now it looks like they are simply 2 different kinds.Demonic beasts cultivate jindans and yuanyings and are intelligent so they are close to humans. But ferobeasts have low mental capacity, are ferocious and bloodthirsty, only cultivate neidans and cannot take human forms.“Generally loose immortals that haven’t passed the 4th tribulation remain on the Teng Long continent because some ferobeasts that have passed the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation are as powerful as immortals. 4th tribulation loose immortals and the more formidable ones mostly go into the Chaotic Astral Ocean because 4th tribulation loose immortals can rival immortals.”Uncle Lan’s eyes shine brilliantly: “The Chaotic Astral Ocean is much larger than the Northern Territory and Southern Territory. Nobody knows how many treasures it has. Also, ferobeasts are top-class medicinal materials to some formidable loose immortals. Some loose immortals are weird-tempered. If you annoy them, you’ll probably lose your life even if you are a Dacheng stage Xiuxianist, not to mention a Dujie stage one.”Qin Yu understands this.4th tribulation loose immortals can rival immortals while Xiuxianists at the Dacheng stage are inferior to immortals. Moreover, in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, 4th tribulation loose immortals perhaps belong to the lowest tier. There are also some super experts who stay deep underwater. Who knows whether they are 6th tribulation loose immortals or 8th tribulation ones? But they are all devastating monsters for sure.Compared to ferobeasts, those mercurial-tempered loose immortals are even more dangerous!However, at the moment both those fearsome ferobeasts and those terrifying loose immortals deep in the Chaotic Astral Ocean are invincible beings to Qin Yu.“Uncle Lan, may I ask you a question?” Qin Yu looks at Uncle Lan. He suddenly desires to know how many loose immortal tribulations Uncle Lan has overcome.End of b7c12.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.