B9C9: Location of the tribulationThe weak let their ideals control their actions, but the strong control their ideals with their actions.Acting against the will!Qin Yu must go on this way until the day when he stands at the top of the world and nobody can threaten him. Only then will he be able to do whatever he wishes freely.From the door of the room, Qin De calmly looks at Qin Yu, who is looking up at the starry sky in the courtyard.Qin Yu is watching the stars in the sky but the look in his eyes is extremely resolute.Suddenly he gives a faint smile.“Has the Meteoric Tear also felt the change in me? In the future, no matter what happens, I’ll still deal with it calmly, even if the sky collapses and the ground shatters.” He feels that the energy of the Meteoric Tear has changed and that the connection between him and the Meteoric Tear seems to have deepened by one level.In an instant, Qin Yu’s mental state also transforms.“Mental state of the middle Kongming stage? 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation in 5 months?” A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth.When his mental state has suddenly reached the middle Kongming stage from the early Kongming stage, he has also suddenly sensed the long-awaited 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. It is going to come exactly 5 months later. However, at the moment Qin Yu is not ecstatic at all.The road he still has to walk in the future is very long. This tribulation is just a small episode.And the Nine Demons Hall’s Di Nai, who is bothering him now, is merely a little fork on the road of his life.If Qin Yu did not want to keep doing what he is doing, if he was the weak, he would only need to practice quietly in a certain corner of scenic beauty to be able to enjoy life and not worry about things. However, if he really did so, perhaps he would have no choice but to watch his relatives getting harmed when a strong individual threatens their lives.Therefore … Qin Yu has chosen to become one that is strong enough to protect his relatives and brothers. When he made this decision, his path was also decided at the same time.Fighting, bloodthirstiness, coldness, madness, acting against the will, killing, dangers … they are the things on Qin Yu’s path. This is his own choice so naturally he has to be responsible for them himself.Hu!Qin Yu expands his holy sense to the utmost. Having reached the middle Kongming stage, it has an extremely wide range which can cover the entire capital. Now he can see clearly that … in the Imperial Palace, the princes are sleeping peacefully and his brother Qin Zheng is seriously correcting memorials to the throne.His big brother Qin Feng is practicing quietly.Peacefulness and happiness,Only when he sees his relatives living happily does Qin Yu feels satisfied with his choice.It is like … how he did external practice for 10 something years to obtain his father’s approval and smiles when he was a kid.Now he is walking the path of the strong for an indeterminable amount of time to see the smiles of his relatives and brothers.……Time goes by. A month after Qin Yu sensed his 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, in Prince Yu’s Mansion,Xu Yuan and Li’er are playing Go.Compared to Qin Yu’s standard, Xu Yuan’s Go skill is obviously much stronger. Now he is even more quick-minded than in the past because he has already started to practice after absorbing a Base Building Pill so naturally his Go skill has improved too.“Ha-ha, I’ve lost, Miss Li’er. Your Go skill is really excellent.” Xu Yuan gives up laughingly and admits defeat.“Your skill has clearly improved, Uncle Xu. I think you’re just a bit weaker than the capital’s God of Go.” Li’er collects the Go pieces smilingly.After the game is finished, Qin Yu, Li’er and Xu Yuan chat with each other.“What? You’re going to undergo the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation 4 months later?” Xu Yuan is shocked and loses his usual calmness and easiness.Qin Yu says smilingly with a nod: “What’s the matter, Uncle Xu? Isn’t it just the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation? It’s not worth making such a fuss of.”Li’er also looks at Qin Yu and says in a slightly annoyed manner: “Qin Yu, you didn’t even tell me that you’re going to undergo the tribulation.”Qin Yu is startled. When she calls him Qin Yu instead of big brother Qin Yu, she has obviously become angry.“Given my current power, it should be very easy to overcome that 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, unless some strange change will take place like what happened to Xiao Hei that day. Even so, I’ll still be able to withstand it by going all out.” Qin Yu is totally confident.Li’er looks at him for a long time then says with a sigh: “Be careful, big brother Qin Yu. Your heavenly tribulation definitely won’t be so simple as you think.”Xu Yuan, however, says: “Xiao Yu, I’ve just come up with a plan which can easily lure Di Nai out and even kill him.”“Oh?” His eyes brightening, Qin Yu says: “Quickly tell me, Uncle Xu. Don’t beat around the bush. What’s actually your good plan? As long as this Di Nai fella isn’t terminated, I always feel a little anxious.”Xu Yuan waves his feather fan and says confidently: “Xiao Yu, according to what you said, you and Hou Fei are the ones that Di Nai fellow wants to kill the most because you two killed his brothers. But his power is weaker than yours so he basically has no chance at all.”“Therefore … you’ll only need to leak the info that you’re going to go through the tribulation to him.” Xu Yuan looks at Qin Yu with sureness.Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.“Ha-ha, that’s right. Di Nai hates me and Fei Fei the most, but he’s got no chance so he’s hiding like a turtle at some place in the underwater Xiuyao world. If he knows the time and location of my tribulation … he’ll definitely come.”Qin Yu has already thought carefully about Di Nai.Life and death? For the sake of revenge, Di Nai absolutely will not care about them.He wants to kill the Qin clan’s members only to make Qin Yu grieve. How can that possibly compare with hurting Qin Yu physically to vent his hatred in person?“That won’t do!” However, Li’er says coldly.Qin Yu is startled.“Qin Yu, you can’t be careless about taking on this tribulation. As I already told you long ago, this 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation definitely won’t be so simple as you think. Didn’t you see Xiao Hei’s 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation? If you lure Di Nai to you, and if he takes advantage of you going through the tribulation to attack you, you’ll be in real mess.” Her eyes are filled with urgency.Qin Yu’s heart warms up.“Don’t worry, Miss Li’er. I devised this plan so naturally I won’t let Xiao Yu face danger. When the times come, I’ll let Hou Fei, the most powerful among us, hide on one side. If Di Nai appears, Hou Fei will smash him dead immediately.” Xu Yuan says indifferently.But Li’er says: “Smash him dead? That Di Nai isn’t as powerful as Fei Fei, but he’s eager to get revenge. He’ll definitely resort to every means. If he explodes himself, maybe he’ll be able to affect Qin Yu. Besides, going through that tribulation will be extremely dangerous. So, if something unexpected happens, that’ll be terrible.”Xu Yuan is startled then looks at Qin Yu: “Xiao Yu, this plan of mine is a bit too audacious. Let’s not use it for the time being.”At first he thought that Qin Yu would overcome the tribulation very easily but now, according to what Li’er said, that tribulation seems so exceptionally dangerous that if Qin Yu is a little careless, he will probably fail with his soul destroyed.Li’er also stares at Qin Yu.“All right, all right, I won’t use this plan, okay?” Qin Yu says smilingly to her.……In that nameless mountain range at the bottom of the ocean,“Qin Yu’s going to undergo a tribulation?”Di Nai is shocked. Then he suddenly grabs Yan Xin’s arms and says with goggling eyes: “That Qin Yu fella is going to undergo a tribulation. Could it be the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation? Yan Xin, you can’t joke about this matter. Tell me the truth!” His eyes are blazing as if he wants to devour people.Seeing Di Nai like this, Yan Xin hurriedly says: “Valley master, according to the news I received, that Qin Yu fella said 3 and a half months later that he’ll leave the Qian Long continent for that Stone Crane Island, which is relatively near the continent, to undergo the tribulation. It seems he deliberately spread this news.”“Three and a half months later on the Stone Crane Island?”Di Nai mumbles in a low voice then raises his head, his eyes flashing with coldness. “Deliberately spread the news? Of course I know Qin Yu deliberately did this. If he hadn’t spread this news about the tribulation, given our intelligence network, how could we possibly have known about it?”“Valley master, that Qin Yu fella definitely wants to lure you into coming to him.” Yan Mou says firmly.Di Nai says with a cold laugh: “Of course I know he wants to lure me out.”“Valley master …” Yan Xin and Yan Mou are astonished.Di Nai’s eyes narrow: “According to the info my 3 elder brothers sent me at that time, Qin Yu is a son of the Qin dynasty. He’s been practicing for less than 100 years but he’s reached such a power level in such a short time … If this continues, the gap in power between me and him will only grow larger and larger and my hope of getting revenge will only become increasingly smaller!”Yan Xin and Yan Mou fall silent.They indeed know Qin Yu’s information. He is already at such a high power level having been practicing for such a short time. If he keeps progressing at this speed, the gap between Di Nai and him will only become larger and larger.“As for that Hou Fei fella, he’s an extraordinary divine beast. At that time, my brothers and I were joining forces but we were still no match for him. According to my big brother, he passed the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation several years ago. Now he must be even stronger than he was in the past so I’m all the more not a match for him!”“Valley master, seeking revenge shouldn’t be rushed.” Yan Xin and Yan Mou have become worried.Di Nai, however, says with a cold humph: “It shouldn’t be rushed, but I’m different. If I keep not getting into action, later I’ll stand absolutely no chance.”“Yan Xin, Yan Mou, at the moment I can only plan to take the lives of Qin Yu’s relatives. Why? It’s because I stand no chance against Qin Yu and Hou Fei. But I simply can’t kill Qin Yu’s relatives in person. Perhaps Qin Yu and Hou Fei are laughing about me in the capital.”Di Nai bursts out laughing like crazy: “Ha-ha, I want to kill Qin Yu’s relatives, but I don’t dare to personally get into action. I can only stay here. What’s the use of me staying here? I’m totally useless! So, I better go and seize that only glimmer of hope!”“Yan Xin, Yan Mou.”Di Nai suddenly stares at the 2 Yan brothers.“Yes, valley master.” They look at him.“The 2 of you listen up. Even if I stay in the valley, I won’t have any hope of killing Qin Yu’s relatives … Therefore, later you’ll take charge of the matters in the valley and manage the matters of the Specter. Remember … kill Qin Yu’s relatives.”Di Nai’s eyes redden: “As for me, I’m going to seize that only chance of getting revenge. Qin Yu is setting up a trap, but … one’s cleverness may overreach itself. Has he ever heard of this saying? Even if I have to die, I’ll cause him to fail to overcome the tribulation, thus destroying his soul!”“You two, vow to me that you’ll definitely take charge of the valley and kill Qin Yu’s relatives.” Di Nai stares at Yan Xin and Yan Mou.He is forcing them to make a pledge because after Xiuzhenists make a pledge, they cannot go back on their words.Yan Xin and Yan Mou exchange a look, but facing that terrifying look in Di Nai’s eyes, they have no choice but to make a vow. They know that if they decline, he will most probably kill them right away because he has already become obsessed.“I, Yan Xin, swear to Heaven that I shall definitely take charge of the matters in the valley and do everything for the goal of killing the members of Qin Yu’s clan. I shall never give up. If I ever do, my soul shall be destroyed by thunderbolts from Heaven.”“I, Yan Mou, swear to Heaven that I shall definitely take charge of the matters in the valley and do everything for the goal of killing the members of Qin Yu’s clan. I shall never give up. If I ever do, my soul shall be destroyed by thunderbolts from Heaven.”The 2 brothers make a vow at the same time.“Very good, extremely good.” When Di Nai sees this, his face is full of a smiling expression.“From now on, I’ll isolate myself to make some secret offensive weapons. I’ll leave the matters in the valley to you. When that day comes, I’ll appear by myself … Remember, don’t ever disturb me.” He makes a wave of his large sleeve and leaves immediately.Yan Xin and Yan Mou exchange a look, feeling bitter in their hearts.At first they planned to, in case Di Nai dies that day, abandon everything to live peaceful days. But now they have been forced into making a pledge by Di Nai so even if they were allowed to violate it, they would not dare to.……Prince Yu’s Mansion,Qin Yu and Hou Fei fly away directly. Below them, Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Li’er and the others are all watching them.Seeing Qin Yu leaving, Li’er shakes her head in frustration, talking to herself inwardly: “Big brother Qin Yu, you even spread that news. I didn’t think you’d be willing to put yourself in danger for the sake of killing Di Nai … However, with Fei Fei beside you and that thing … there shouldn’t be a problem. Hopefully there won’t be too much trouble during this 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.”……Qin Yu and Hou Fei are flying side by side.“Fei Fei, after reaching that Stone Crane Island, you’ll keep your holy sense spread out all the time. If that Di Nai fella appears, just smash him to death right away for me. Though I’m not afraid of him, I feel what Li’er said is right. This 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation will very likely exceed my expectations.” Qin Yu’s expression is solemn.“Don’t worry, big brother. No matter what happens, I won’t let that Di Nai fella touch you.” Hou Fei says confidently.Qin Yu gives a smile. Actually, in his heart, he has always looked down upon Di Nai.If this was Di Long or Di Jian, he would have to pay a little bit attention, but this is Di Nai so the danger level is naturally lower.Moreover, a post-6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation Hou Fei would even be able to handle Di Long and Di Jian with a blow of his stick if they personally came there. This time Xiao Hei does not go because Qin Yu forced him to stay behind to protect Qin De and the others. He was worried that Di Nai would take advantage of the fact that there would be too few experts in the capital to attack the capital, which would be terrible.After flying out of the Qian Long continent and going south for some time, they see an uninhabited islet. There is a naturally formed mountain peak which looks very similar to a crane on this islet so it is called the Stone Crane Island. This island is also the location Qin Yu has chosen to undergo the tribulation.End of b9c9.Hello, dear reader.We hope you are enjoying your reading experience in Wuxiaworld!Anonymous users can read up to 50 chapters. After that number, Wuxiaworld continues to be free for everyone, but we require readers to register an account.To continue reading your favourite web novels, please create a free account, or log in if you already have one.I usually don't do announcements for other sites, but this is one of the rare exceptions.The translation of Stellar Transformations, which started with our own he-man and went through twists and turns and multiple translators, has finally been completed! This...Contact UsPrivacy PolicyRSSTwitterFacebookDiscordCopyright © 2018 WuxiaWorld. All rights reserved.